{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-118215\li170361\lin170361}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah Relaxes in the Tub<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 After Evan professes his love and they share a sensual kiss, Sarah is left in a state of bliss. Enjoying a bath in her luxury hotel room, she reflects on her feelings for Evan. A decision made, she later entrusts an envelope with unknown contents to a trusted hotel staff member, asking her to slip it under Evan's door. The night's profound events linger in her mind, wrapping her in euphoria and leaving her eager for what the future holds.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 In the preceding scene, Evan declared his love for Sarah, reassuring her that he would patiently wait for her to be ready before they made love. He emphasized that he wanted her to verbally express her love only when all her fears and doubts had vanished. Contentment in his heart and a smile on his lips, he then headed to his room, the memory of their sensual goodnight kiss still lingering on his mind.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's Luxury Suite at the Grandeur Hotel. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>A clear night.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: None<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Apprehensive, Nervous, Excited, Amorous<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Excited, Amorous<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ Start the scene with Sarah's body quivering and hands shaking after Evan professed his love to her and end the night with a sensual kiss. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ With her hands shaking, have for struggle to get the key card in hotel room. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ Sarah is on cloud nine, every cell in your body vibrating. She couldn't be happier that Evan had just told her that he loved her. Use deep POV and internal dialogue to show the reader how Sarah is feeling. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ When Sarah enters her en suite luxury bathroom, described in vivid detail so the reader will understand just how luxurious this bathroom is. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah decided to take a bath. Everything seems to be moving in slow motion. Including Sarah, as she starts running the bathwater.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah took a long bath in rose scented water. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ While writing this part of the scene where Sarah is enjoying her bath, used deep POV and internal dialogue to describe Sarah's thoughts. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 While bathing, Sarah relives the entire evening in her mind \endash  relishing every moment. Then her mind starts to focus on Evan's profession of love. Just the memory of him telling her he loved her shot an instant wave of energy throughout her body. As for bath ended, she remembered the final sensual kiss.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ Sarah got out of the tub, towel-dried her hair, and put on a fluffy luxurious white robe provided by the hotel. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 As Sarah rushed her teeth, and blow dry her hair, her thoughts shifted to Evan's final words to her before heading to his room. He had sold Sarah, that he would wait an eternity to make love to her, if that's how much time she needed. She remembered the last thing he said to her, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I will cherish the moment you tell me you love me, but I only want to hear it when all fear and doubts are gone.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ Keep the reader captivated with continued deep POV, internal dialogue, inasmuch show versus tell as possible. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 After Sarah finished blowdried her hair, she decided that she wasn't going to fight resist her feelings for Evan anymore. She loved him. She had no fears and no doubts about her love. She was ready to tell him.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She was still nervous about making love with Evan for the first time. But that apprehensive this was that about her feelings for Evan, but her fear her lack of experience in bed would result in her being in an adequate lover \endash  at least for the first time they made love. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ What happens next is going to leave a little mystery for the reader. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Despite her fears, Sarah smiles as she looks at herself in the mirror. She dabs a small amount of perfume on her finger, and applies it behind her ears and on her chest just below her.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ In this next segment, we describe what Sarah is doing without explaining why she is doing. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah leaves the bathroom and heads straight for the hotel room phone. She presses the room service button and asks for a trusted staff member (Sarah held many events at this hotel and knew most of the staff.)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ The envelope, the small notepad, and depend Sarah used to write with were all standard amenities located on the work desk in Sarah's hotel room. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 While she waited for room service, she wrote on a small notepad.  She tore the note off the pad and placed it into an envelope. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah then went to her purse, and grabbed an item from the person and placed it in the envelope, along with the note, and then sealed the envelope.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Finally she wrote on the envelope, "Evan" with a heart next to his name.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 [ A knock on the door got Sarah's attention. Sarah grabbed the envelope and a $20 bill and headed to her hotel room door. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She smiled at the staff member, handed her the envelope and the $20 tip, told her Evan's room number, and asked her to slip the envelope underneath his door.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The staff member smiled back, having a pretty good idea of what was in the envelope and confirm she was on her way to deliver the envelope. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 End: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Information}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Information<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 <!$Scr_Ps::6>}}