{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red217\green149\blue148;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Number:}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> 0202<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> The tin metal bleachers at a softball field in a large recreational park in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>11:00 AM<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Partly sunny. The scene starts with a cool crisp early fall morning, but as the softball game is played, and time crosses over noon, it warms up to a comfortable fall day.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Patti)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Patti, Roxanne<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Guido<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Patti: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Hurt, Stung, Jealous, Conflicted<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Roxanne: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Angry at Evan for choosing Sarah over Patti.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> The scene starts off with Patti observing Evan and Sarah in the parking lot, as he is giving her the doll, and they are being affectionate and giggling and having good time. Every time Evan kisses Sarah, feels like a punch in the gut to Patti.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Middle: <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li878\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan introduces Sarah to his group of friends watching from the bleachers, and Guido.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Conflicted between wanting to support Evan and welcome his girlfriend into their inner circle and feeling like a jilted ex-girlfriend, Patti watches Sarah, trying to get a feel for her. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah is blissfully unaware that anyone is watching her. She continues to read her book, but looking up every time it's Evan's turn to bat.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Roxanne has already decided that she doesn't like Sarah. She whispers snide remarks about Sarah to Patti every chance she gets.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Patti and Roxanne mistakenly think that Sarah brought a book with her, because she is not interested in the game. They don't know that the book Sarah is reading is designed to help her understand again she's never seen before. She wants to support Evan, that's the reason she's reading the book. Roxanne uses opportunity to make a derogatory comment about Sarah to Patti.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Because Sarah is out of range, and Roxanne is whispering, Sarah is unaware that they are talking about her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The temperature starts to warm up at the midpoint of the game. Patti decides to go get a beer, and asks Sarah if she would like a beer. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Not knowledgeable of concession stands at a softball game, Sarah asks if they have wine. Roxanne rolls her eyes and mumbles an insult. Patti, being a polite and kind person, gives rocks and a scolding look and silently mouths" knock it off.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Patti, in a very friendly tone, says to Sarah. "I don't think they have any wine, but they may have some wine coolers. Would you like something else instead? My treat!" In an appreciative tone, Sarah says no thank you.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>End: <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li878\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 It's nearing the end of the game, and Sarah has finished her book and is paying full attention to the baseball game \endash  well Evan playing baseball game anyway.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 It was a tie game in the final inning, Evan was on third base, And Guido was up to bat.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Finding herself surprisingly vested in the excitement of the game, Sarah pulled out the pendant that Evan had made for her from underneath her sweatshirt, and was rubbing it to shed nervous energy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Guido gets a base hit and Evan scores the winning run.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Guido and Evan's group of friends erupted in cheer and celebration as Evan crossed the plate for the final score.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah found herself jumping up and down excitement as well. Her enthusiasm was genuine.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 While Patti would normally be cheering as loud as anyone, her enthusiasm was less than normal, as her eyes and mind were watching Sarah. Roxanne criticized Sarah as being fake.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan and Guido ran to the bleachers. Guido headed toward the group of friends, Evan made a B-Line straight for Sarah, picking her up, spinning her around and ending in a passionate kiss.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 A kiss that felt like another punch in the gut or slap in the face to Patti.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The scene ends with Guido inviting everybody to a post-game celebration at a sports bar and Grille called, "Sluggers."}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The primary objective to the scene is to help readers understand Evan's romantic relationships before Sarah. Please review Patti and Evan's profile to gain understanding of Evan's exclusive and monogamous, but casual, college relationships before Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Through Patti's eyes, we begin to see that Sarah is indeed different from his past relationships. And at this point in the story, no one can be sure if the relationship was terrible last, and why Evan would chew Sarah over Patti. Patti is every bit as beautiful as Sarah, and far more compatible.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 It is important to understand Patti's conflict in this scene. In the previous school year, Patti was well aware of Evan's unusual monogamous, but casual relationship history. He never deceived her or called her his girlfriend. They were good friends before they started sleeping together. However, somewhere along the line Patti developed strong feelings for Evan and began to feel like girlfriend. She lasted twice as long as any other girl Evan was with, and Evan even introduced Patti to his sister \endash  something he had never done before. However, when the school year ended and Patti went back home for summer break, the intimate aspect of the relationship ended. When the current school year started, Evan treated her as a good friend as though the intimate part of the relationship had never happened. She thought he would come around and be with her again, and the next thing you know he has a girlfriend.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Bleachers}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah's Pendant<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Dialogue:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Key Lines:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>Roxanne: <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"I heard she's a stuck up snob \endash  a rich bitch."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Tone:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Curious, Somber, Wounded, Exciting, Reflective<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Action Tags/Dialogue Tags:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-212\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 When introducing Sarah, aware of how nervous she is, Evan stands back with Sarah several feet and does a quick introduction of Patti, Roxanne, Guido, and then a few other friends that play no important role in the story. The reason he stands back is so that no one feels an obligation to handshake hug. The game starts immediately after the introduction. Guido and Evan head for the field, Sarah sits down several feet from everybody else and begins to read the book she brought, "Softball for Dummies."<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Themes/Motifs:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Betrayal, hurt feelings}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}