{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart was aflutter as she turned to open her hotel room door, Evan\u8217\'92s heartfelt words echoing in her ears, the soft press of his lips still fresh on hers. She stumbled, her hands shaking uncontrollably, as she fumbled with the key card. Finally, it clicked, and she stumbled into her hotel room. He loves me, she realized, her soul rejoicing at the thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 When she entered the lavish bathroom of her suite, she was overwhelmed by its elegance. Pure white marble gleamed in the soft, intimate lighting, a claw-footed bathtub inviting her to indulge, and a glass-encased shower that promised a cascade of warm comfort. The details were rich, the fittings golden, and the atmosphere filled with an intoxicating scent that beckoned her closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Driven by an unseen force, she began to run the bathwater, adding drops of rose-scented oil that soon filled the room with an alluring fragrance. As she stepped into the tub, she felt as though she were stepping into a dream, every part of her tingling with a sensation that was both surreal and beautiful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the warm embrace of the water, her mind drifted back to the magical evening she had shared with Evan. She remembered every word, every look, every touch. His profession of love was like a melody that played in her heart, a song she wanted to hear over and over again. A smile played on her lips as she recalled the tenderness of his kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She lingered in the bath, lost in thought, until the water grew cool. Rising, she wrapped herself in a luxurious robe, as soft as Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s promises and as warm as his affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She dried her hair, her thoughts a whirlwind of emotion and longing. His words came back to her, his promise to wait for her, his desire to hear her say the words only when she was ready. She looked at herself in the mirror, her eyes shining with a decision. I love him, she admitted to herself, her heart swelling with joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a newfound determination, she dressed and prepared herself, knowing that the night was far from over. She reached for the phone, requesting Nina, a staff member she knew she could trust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her hand trembled as she wrote a note, sealing it and another item in an envelope, addressing it to Evan with a loving flourish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 When Nina arrived, Sarah handed her the envelope and a tip, her voice soft but firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please deliver this to Evan\u8217\'92s room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knowing smile was her only answer, leaving Sarah standing at the threshold, her heart brimming with anticipation, love, and a thrilling sense of destiny.}}