{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Create/Replace this location profile.<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Location Profile:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Name of the place:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Thai Garden <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Country:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> USA<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 State:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 City:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Urbana<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Type of place:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Restaurant<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Type of food:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Thai<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 What role does this setting play in the story?}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah and Evan have their first date at this restaurant.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 How does the setting affect the characters and the plot?}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This is where Sarah and Evan agree to start a relationship under the guidelines proposed by Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Description:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 A charming little Thai restaurant tucked away in a quieter corner of town. The place was an intimate cocoon, exuding an enchanting blend of modern aesthetic and traditional Thai decor. Warm, golden lighting cast a soft glow over the well-worn wooden tables and chairs, creating a cozy and inviting atmosphere. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Ornate, hand-carved wooden panels adorned the walls, depicting scenes of Thai mythology and culture. Splashes of vibrant silk fabrics, used as table runners and curtains, added rich pops of color, complemented by the sweet aroma of exotic spices wafting from the kitchen.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The centerpiece of the establishment was a small wishing well situated near the waiting area. Crafted from aged stone and moss, it was an unexpected touch that lent an air of whimsy to the place. Trickling water cascaded down, producing a soothing melody that added to the tranquil ambiance. A collection of coins glistened at the bottom, tossed by hopeful patrons making silent wishes. It was a charming symbol of the restaurant's welcoming and dreamy atmosphere, offering a unique touch to their dining experience.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}