{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Evan, Guido}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Evan's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : The common area located on the campus of the  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Humorous}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li230\fi-10\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Although the scene is meant to be humorous and lighthearted, it is important for the reader to understand that Evan takes his promises to his sister Liz seriously. His sister is very important to him and he never want to disappoint her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This is optional information to use or not use as you please. Evan and Guido often engage in "good-natured ribbing."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 If Evan's academic prowess is mentioned, the reader should understand, that Evan is no genius, nor is he a dumb athlete. He is above average in intelligence, but his lack of enthusiasm for the classroom environment and homework assignments prevents him from getting better grades. It is not a requirement that you mention any of these, but if you do I wanted the reader to understand.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li260\fi-11\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Provide a vivid description of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Quad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan and Guido are playing Frisbee in the Quad. Evan decides to head to the library for extra study time to keep his grade point average above 3.0 \endash  a promise he made to his sister Liz.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This scene should end as Evan leaves the Quad. Don't get him to close to the library in this scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}