{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Evan Vaughn:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a 21-year-old personal trainer, is the quintessential romantic hero. His 6'2", 200-pound frame boasts a lean, athletic build, complemented by hazel eyes and clean-cut medium-brown hair. Balanced between casual and formal styles, his wardrobe echoes his put-together yet easygoing demeanor. Evan's loyalty, respect, and romantic nature fit the Hero archetype, despite his struggles with withdrawal during crises. His journey, characterized by transformation and a firm commitment to love, unveils a deeper complexity beneath his captivating exterior.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Guido:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  His real name Anthony Moretti, is a 21-year-old Italian-American epitomizing the "Guido" persona with his obsessive focus on appearance and affinity for women. Standing at 6 feet and weighing 210 pounds, his muscular frame is always tanned, and his hair perfectly gelled. He flaunts flashy gold jewelry and drives a well-used Honda Civic. Known for his brash, womanizing behavior, Guido plays the "bad boy," hitting on women and treating them like a numbers game. Yet, beneath this facade, he's fiercely loyal to his close friends, willing to help at a moment's notice. His contradictory nature reveals that there's more to Guido than his ostentatious exterior suggests.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Sarah Wilkins:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  21, epitomizes grace and determination. With steely gray-blue eyes and long, blonde hair, she's the valedictorian of Ballard High School and a Business major at the University of Illinois. Intelligent, successful, and generous, she appears cold and distant due to her analytical mind. Despite her work-focused lifestyle, love unexpectedly enters her life through Evan. Sarah's story is about breaking free from her father's expectations, choosing love over legacy, and embracing vulnerability.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Patti Keane:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A 20-year-old junior at the University of Illinois, captivates with her striking beauty, tall stature, light blue eyes, and maintained appearance. A dedicated personal training enthusiast and outdoor lover, Patti's vibrant personality shines through her interactions. Close friendship with Evan unveils her unspoken emotions and concern for his choices. Her presence adds intricacy to the storyline, offering insights into Evan's romantic past and complexities of their relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Katie Andrews:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  An upbeat and caring eighteen-year-old freshman at the University of Illinois, stands out with her pink hair and friendly demeanor. With an ENFP Myers-Briggs type, her bubbly personality and willingness to help others make her an instantly likeable character. Despite a few extra pounds, her youthful appeal and fair skin lend her an approachable charm. Katie's role in the narrative involves aiding Sarah in preparing for a date with Evan, forming a meaningful connection between them. Her contemporary style and caring nature contribute to her significance in the story.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Roxanne:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A spirited junior at the University of Illinois, injects liveliness into the story. Her outgoing and witty demeanor makes her a magnet for fun. With a penchant for humor, especially of the sarcastic kind, she navigates life with a self-assured and independent attitude. Roxanne's carefree approach to relationships and her role as Patti's closest friend provide insights into young adulthood and friendship dynamics. Roxanne does not like Sarah at all. Partly because of Sarah's personality, and partly because she feels that Patti should be with Evan. Roxanne is often passive-aggressive around Sarah, mumbling snide remarks to others, but only one Sarah is too far away to hear them.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Marcus Chamberlain:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A distinguished CEO and philanthropist in his mid-60s, resembles Morgan Freeman. His warm smile, deep voice, and aura of wisdom define him. He's a mentor and guide, helping those around him navigate life's complexities. Marcus bridges his successful business career with his altruistic endeavors, founding "Home Is Where the Heart Is." With empathy and a grounded personality, he relates to diverse individuals. His attire, a blend of classic and refined, mirrors his timeless demeanor. Marcus's role involves aiding families in need and offering guidance, embodying the quiet power of experience and understanding.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Diego Martinez:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  14, embodies resilience and resourcefulness as a Hispanic-American in Central Illinois' farmlands. With short, messy dark brown hair and expressive brown eyes, his physical appearance reflects his active life. Standing at 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'926\u8221\'94, his lean frame speaks of hard work. Despite challenges, Diego's compassionate heart and determination shine. He's a symbol of hope, especially for those affected by a recent tornado. His bond with Evan, formed over shared experiences of absent fathers, adds depth to his character. In the cleanup project, Diego's role showcases his spirit amidst adversity, making him a beacon of courage and strength.}}