{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Replace this character\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s existing Profile with this one.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Character Profile:}
\par\plain {\f3\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Name: Marcus Chamberlain<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Gender: Male\line Age: Mid 60\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\line Ethnicity: African-American\line Occupation:\line CEO of a multimillion dollar corporation\line Founder of the nonprofit organization "Home Is Where the Heart Is"}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0 Physical Attributes:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \line Resembles: Morgan Freeman}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0 Personality:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \line Marcus is a distinguished, successful businessman and philanthropist. Despite his achievements, he remains grounded due to his modest upbringing. He can relate to both the everyday working individual and the affluent members of high society.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0 Role in the Story:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \line Marcus selects volunteer event coordinator, Sarah, to lead his fundraiser and oversee relief efforts for low-income families affected by fires, natural disasters, or housing disrepair.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0 Character Description:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \line Marcus is a distinguished figure exuding a timeless aura of wisdom and grace. At mid-60s, his face bears the weathered lines of a life rich in experience. Resembling Morgan Freeman, his warm smile crinkles the corners of his eyes, expressing kindness and understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His strong yet gentle presence commands attention and respect. Standing at an average height, his confident posture and deliberate movements mirror his authority. Neatly trimmed salt-and-pepper hair frames his face, while his well-groomed beard, speckled with gray, adds dignity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His eyes, soulful brown like Morgan Freeman's, reflect a lifetime of stories. They hold the wisdom accumulated from years of observation, exuding a calming effect on those who meet his gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His attire is classic and refined, opting for well-fitted suits or smart-casual ensembles. Whether in formal suits or comfortable sweaters, his clothing mirrors his timeless style.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With few but well-chosen words, Marcus's deep voice resonates with authority and gentleness. He offers advice like a reassuring embrace, making others feel valued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus's role is that of a mentor and confidant. His empathy, willingness to listen, and insights inspire growth and self-discovery in both young and old. He stands as a beacon of tranquility and sagacity, embodying the quiet power that comes with age, experience, and understanding life's complexities.}}