{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red189\green244\blue155;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the early days of their final year at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, two seniors, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn, found their paths crossing. Neither Sarah nor Evan had ever encountered each other in their previous years, despite sharing the same university campus. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was the kind of guy who effortlessly commanded attention, his charm and charisma captivating everyone around him. He was popular, yet his popularity never inflated his ego, thanks to his sister Liz's guidance. He was equally kind to everyone, whether they were the university's star quarterback or the most reclusive bookworm. His academic standing, however, was a different story. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Evan could've been a stellar student, but he preferred the crisp outside air to a lecture room's stale atmosphere<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 .}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  But he had promised Liz, he'd graduate with at least a 3.0 GPA. His current GPA hovered precariously around the agreed threshold, and to keep his promise, he found himself heading to the library more often than he'd like.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, on the other hand, was an academic paragon. Graduation saw her at the top of her class, and she considered the library her sanctuary. In her usual spot, she was deeply absorbed in an audio seminar about international business techniques. So absorbed that she lost track of time and risked being late to the Business-101 class she taught once a week. With earbuds still in, Sarah hurriedly ascended the library stairs and burst out onto the university platform.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, recognizing her distracted rush towards the perilous, handrail-less concrete stairs, tried to warn her, but his shouts were drowned out by the seminar still blaring in her ears. He sprinted towards her, aiming to intercept her before the stairs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He got there just in time, their bodies colliding in a tango-esque whirl. Their eyes met, and a kiss, fiery and passionate, followed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Raised with a single-minded focus on academics and groomed to take over her father's corporate empire after graduation, Sarah had always sidelined romance. Her social life was limited to the elite circles she mingled with during her volunteer work for various nonprofit organizations. Despite her stunning looks, she had minimal experience with love and romance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Still in shock and worry about her impending tardiness, Sarah fled, leaving Evan dazed, her name and number unknown to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Several days later, Evan found her. He returned the glasses she'd left in her rush, which he'd taken upon himself to repair. Evan, with his disarming charm, eventually persuaded Sarah to take a break. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 At the food court, Sarah began questioning the stark differences between them. She saw how much the other coeds adored him, how outgoing he was, so different from her introverted personality. Fearful, she excused herself and bolted for her car, only to be caught by Evan. Eventually, they agreed to a date, sealed with another passionate kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With no idea what to wear for a date, having not been on one since she was 16, Sarah turned to Katie Andrews, one of her top students in her Business-101 class. With Katie and her stylist friend's help, they modernized her style, swapping glasses for contacts and adding lowlights to her golden locks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the salon, she contemplated the implications of breaking her vow of avoiding romance while still in college. If she was going to engage in a relationship, she was going to approach it logically, like a business negotiation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their first dinner was akin to a business meeting, with Sarah outlining guidelines for their relationship, emphasizing her goal to graduate at the top. Evan, smitten since their first kiss, agreed, happy to have a relationship built on clarity. One week after their chance encounter, they became an official couple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the relationship progressed, Sarah allowed herself to explore the uncharted territories of romance, revealing a side of her that craved affection, a side she didn't know existed until Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They spent the rest of their senior year together, growing and evolving. Sarah discovered her social side while Evan improved his academics, even securing a lucrative job in Chicago thanks to Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan planned to propose at the graduation party, with Sarah's parents secretly invited. They believed the occasion was to celebrate Sarah's academic success. Sarah had kept her relationship with Evan casual to her parents, hiding the depth of her feelings. She feared her father's disappointment, having promised to stick to her academic goals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's proposal took Sarah by surprise. Though every rational part of her screamed rejection, she said yes. She loved Evan too much to reject him, even if it meant diverting from her planned path and following Evan to Chicago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After Sarah accepted Evan's proposal, her parents slipped out of the party, leaving Sarah with the impending confrontation. The idea of disappointing her father, someone she respected immensely, was devastating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After the party, she met her parents. Her father, always fair, gave her two choices: stick to her original plan and attend an Ivy League school or follow Evan to Chicago and build a life with him. She had a month to decide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's bond with his sister, who lived in a suburb of Chicago, was unshakable. She knew she couldn't ask him to abandon his new job and wait for her. She faced a clear choice: stick to her plan or build a life with Evan in Chicago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her brain said to follow the plan; her heart said to choose Evan. Against all odds, she followed her heart.}}