{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>With Christmas carols humming softly from a corner speaker, Evan moved gracefully around the dining table, aligning the silverware just so. Liz, his sister, stood a few steps away, effortlessly mashing potatoes as if she were born to do it. Their synchrony was a dance they had mastered over years of hosting together, a unique rhythm in their relationship that required no instruction or confirmation. As siblings, they navigated an unusual space--sometimes Liz was the mother figure, often the mentor, and at other times they were as playful as any brother and sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan adjusted a last spoon, his eyes darted toward the end of the hallway where Sarah had disappeared minutes earlier. Liz seemed to read his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "She is quite beautiful. That skirt suit was fabulous. I'm afraid to even ask how much that cost," Liz said, pausing her culinary work for a moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t met him yet, but her father is a self-made millionaire. He taught Sarah everything he knows about running a successful business. Sarah doesn\u8217\'92t really care one way or another about the designer clothes that she owns," Evan replied, a slight edge of defensiveness in his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "For someone who doesn't care, she has great taste," Liz interjected, still awed by Sarah's appearance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She definitely appreciates the nice clothes, and you're right, she has spectacular taste. Her apartment is to die for. But the reason everything is designer is her father's choice. He insists she buy those clothes because, in his opinion, walking into a meeting of any kind wearing a suit that costs over a thousand dollars with expensive shoes to match garners immediate respect without a word needing to be said."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz nodded, understanding instantly. "A well-dressed man, or in Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s case, woman, does seem to be treated with more respect the better dressed they are."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>She gets it,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Evan thought, relieved. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m glad you can see that in her. She in no way considers herself superior to anyone. Unfortunately, because she's so smart--literally a genius--sometimes people think she looks down upon them. They don\u8217\'92t understand her like I do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's eyes met Evan's. She felt a swell of pride; her brother was growing, maturing. "Tell me more?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's voice quivered with emotion. "Every week, at least once, we work together to improve my grades. And these volunteer events--Oh my God, Liz. I had no idea how good it would feel to lend my time to a good cause. She's just so wonderful. I wouldn't be me if it weren't for Sarah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Before Liz could speak, Joe's voice boomed from the patio, announcing that dinner would be ready in ten minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm so proud of you, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m looking forward to getting to know Sarah. You probably should go fetch her; dinner is almost ready," Liz suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan frowned. "Nah. Sarah is never late for anything; she'll be out in time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Concern tinged Liz's voice. "What's the matter? Is there trouble between you two?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan sighed. "Sarah can be a bit of a workaholic. It never takes her almost half an hour to 'freshen up'. I am sure she is in there working on her laptop or replying to emails from her phone. She finds it difficult to relax when work needs to be done."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t worry, we\u8217\'92ll loosen her up a bit this trip," Liz reassured, her voice full of optimism. "Who doesn\u8217\'92t have fun at a Vaughn family get-together?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan laughed. "Everyone has fun at our family get-togethers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "So turn that frown upside down. It's Christmas with the Vaughn's," Liz playfully commanded, but her eyes betrayed her curiosity. "Joe's been driving me crazy. I can't believe he won't tell me who our mystery guest is tonight. Has he said anything to you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Not a word. I have no idea who it is," Evan said, his words thick with intrigue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan spoke, Liz glanced at the hallway again, half expecting Sarah to emerge. But the mystery of the evening was just beginning, and she felt a tingling sense of anticipation.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}