{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 For two seniors, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn, their first semester at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign is underway. They've never met, as their social circles don't intersect. Evan, a charismatic, athletic young man, commands popularity not by choice but by virtue of his outgoing personality. Despite his natural allure, he remains grounded thanks to the guidance from his saintly sister, Liz, treating everyone with kindness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan isn't the most diligent student, preferring the outdoors to the confines of classrooms and libraries. However, to uphold a promise to Liz, he's striving for a minimum GPA of 3.0. As he enters his senior year, his grades are teetering on this threshold, and he is compelled to trade Frisbee games for study sessions at the undergrad library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Contrastingly, Sarah is a stellar student, poised to graduate at the top of her class. As a business major and teaching assistant, she considers the library her sanctuary, often losing herself in riveting audio seminars, like one on international business strategies. One day, engrossed in her seminar, she realizes she's running late for a class she's teaching. In her rush, she neglects her surroundings and dashes towards a flight of stairs without a handrail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, heading her way, spots the impending accident. He calls out to her, but she doesn't hear him. He dashes to intercept her before she reaches the stairs, catching her just in time. This unexpected encounter leads to a spontaneous, passionate kiss. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, brought up with a single-minded focus on academics and preparing to take over her father's business, has little experience with romance. She had sworn off any romantic entanglements until she completed her Master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s degree and embarked on her professional journey. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In a whirlwind, Sarah leaves without providing Evan her name or contact. Later, Evan manages to track her down, returning a pair of glasses she had left behind and charming her into taking a break at the food court. Despite her initial hesitation, she gives in to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s allure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their encounter at the food court leaves Sarah questioning herself as she witnesses Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s popularity, especially among the female students. Feeling out of place, she retreats, but Evan convinces her to agree to a date. Uncertain about dating norms, Sarah enlists the help of one of her top students, Katie, to modernize her look and prep her for the date. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 During their date, Sarah proposes a business-like arrangement with Evan, setting rules and expectations and prioritizing her academics. Evan, who has been smitten since their first encounter, happily agrees. As they continue to see each other, Sarah allows herself to experience romance and affection, while Evan becomes a better student with Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s help. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their senior year unfolds beautifully. Sarah expands her social circle, and Evan lands a good job in Chicago. As graduation approaches, however, Sarah grapples with her future choices \endash  Ivy League schools for her Master's or staying with Evan. Unbeknownst to her, Evan plans to propose at the graduation party, inviting her parents for the surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, who has downplayed the seriousness of their relationship to her parents, is taken aback by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s proposal. She fears disappointing her father by deviating from her initial plan. Following the party, her father presents her with two choices \endash  follow Evan to Chicago and build a life there, or stick to the original plan of pursuing her Master's and eventually joining her father\u8217\'92s business. If she chooses Evan, her father will cut off financial support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah is torn between her love for Evan and her commitment to her father. Despite the complexities, her heart prevails, and she chooses to build a life with Evan in Chicago. Bittersweet Vows. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 While all indications are the happy couple is excited and ready to start a life together, all may not be as it seems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After a quick marriage ceremony, and Sarah and Evan are officially married, Sarah retreats to the lady\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s restroom. Stonefaced, she stares at herself in the mirror and asks herself, "Oh my god. What have I done!?"}}