{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2107\li6068\lin6068}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah Did a Bad Thing<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 After meeting Liz, Sarah made her way to the guestroom to exchange her designer skirt suit for a more suitable and cozy attire, fitting for a familial Christmas Eve dinner. Despite her efforts, the commitment to refrain from work, a pledge made to Evan, proved challenging. The siren call of her emails, texts, and laptop files, all requiring attention and updates, tugged at her. Succumbing to the irresistible urge, she stealthily entered the bathroom, engaging in a flurry of responses to as many texts and emails as time allowed.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 After meeting Liz for the first time on Christmas Eve, Sarah's initial struggle to focus on anything other than work during the drive to Liz's house lingered. Evan's plea for her to limit work to emergencies during their three-day Christmas trip played on her mind. She excused herself to change out of her work attire, with a hidden intention to squeeze in more work before dinner.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois. A northern suburb of Chicago.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene takes place from approximately 6 o'clock, when Sarah and Evan arrive, in the evening until dinner was complete.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Frigid cold in windy outside \endash  a typical winter day in Chicago. It's dry and cold and this day, but Liz hopes for snow the following day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan, Liz, Joe <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 As Sarah unpacked her clothes and changed, she kept hearing her phone buzzing and saw her laptop bag on the bed. It was almost like they were pleading with her for attention. She entered a mental battle between keeping her promise to Evan and trying to convince herself that it was okay to squeeze in just a little more work before dinner. She thought no one was going to be hurt by that. Ultimately, the voices in her mind compromised.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She grabbed her cell phone and went into the bathroom, pretending to redo her makeup and freshen up. However, what she was really doing was sitting on the toilet replying to as many emails and texts as she could in the amount of time that she would be suspected of working.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 After a few minutes of this, she determined that she was a pathetic figure, sitting on a toilet secretly trying to squeeze in some more replies before her precious phone was taken away. At that point, she decided to keep her promise and turned off the phone. By the end of the scene, she was ready to leave the guestroom and do her best to enjoy the evening - free of work concerns.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The following sections will be provided later in three separate parts. However, all three parts use this exact same scene profile/template.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li706\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Beginning}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Middle}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 End<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene exposed the level of addiction Sarah had to her work. Her priority was work, and although she wanted to support Evan and his love for the holidays, she struggled to keep her promise of not working those three days.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The scene ended with Sarah experiencing a minor victory over her work addiction. However, in later chapters, we found out that this was a short-lived victory.<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-288\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Laptop and cell phone: It was almost as if they had personalities, calling her, begging her, and pleading with her for attention.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Bed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Toilet Seat. The significance of the toilet seat was the level of humiliation that Sarah felt internally, seeing how desperate she had become to get work done and how willing she was to break a promise to do so. This humiliation led to a short-term win, as we later found out she kept her promise for the rest of the trip.<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: "[describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment]" or "Liz (smiling warmly):". }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: "Liz (playful teasing):".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  All dialogue provided must be used verbatim. Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: "Evan: Patti, how dare you!'".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize "showing" over "telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: "Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}