{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Middle:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 Bridget(curious)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I noticed you rubbing that adorable little pendant. I've never seen anything like that before. Is it some kind of worry stone?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Liz jumped in.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! I notice you rubbing it earlier as well, but I didn't want you to feel like I was watching you. I'm glad just about, mom.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah turned to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (surprised)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93You didn't tell them about my pendant?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (open to slough it off)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, it's no big deal.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Bridget:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you don't have to be so embarrassed for buying your girlfriend such a cute gift as a token of your affection.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (piped into the conversation without thinking the check with Evan)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93He didn't exactly buy it?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Joe have been quietly listening for the last 20 minutes happy that the focus is not on him, but on Evan. But he couldn't resist jumping in for some fun.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Joe }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (joking)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93What are you, steal it?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah looked at Evan, she could see that he was embarrassed about the whole situation, but didn't understand why. She presumed it was modesty.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93May I share our story?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Evan looked around at his mom and sister and surmise there was no point in resistance.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead, I'm should be disowned if I said no.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah told the whole story. Generally, Sarah is not a very good storyteller. She tends to be a little stiff and monotone. Her students can attest to that. But when it came to talking about Evan's gift to her, her face let up her body became emanated animated and by the end of the story her eyes watered. Sarah spent the next 25 minutes telling the story in vivid detail, while the boys are off the table preparing for dessert. By the time there was finished all three Evan were teary-eyed. However, Liz was struggling to believe it.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 She looked at Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (expressing some doubt)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Gosh, it's so hard to believe my bratty little brothers even capable of doing something like that. Evan, did you really design that and have that custom-made? Now the time to come clean, it's a knife gift matter what.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Joe looked at Liz like she was crazy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Joe }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (stating a well-known fact)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93When you have you ever heard Evan lie about anything unless it was protect someone's feelings?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (truthful, but needing it as humor)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I remember lots of times Evan lied. Like when he was 15 and took my car for a joy ride in the middle of the night when she was sleeping.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Bridget said nothing out loud, but gave Evan a look as as if to say you did what?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (defending his honor, and playfully making a point)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I was 15 years old. I've got a long list of secrets I could tell about Liz we want to go down that road.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Liz chuckled. As good a person as Liz is considered, she is not that skeletons in her closet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (backtracking)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Um. You see. Well. That was actually me mom. I took the car for a jar.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Everyone seemed to have a laugh at Liz's attempt to backtrack. Nobody was taking any of this seriously.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93No, it's definitely true. I actually have the dowel that he got the glasses from, and I met the jeweler who custom-made it. I get it polished and shined every few months. I don't mean to, but unconsciously, I guess I do use it when I'm in a new situation or little nervous. It comforts me.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Bridget:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Truly, Evan. That is a gift to be treasured.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Who'd a thunk it? My bratty little brother is sweet as pie.\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (happy for Segway to a different conversation)}{\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Who's ready for some Apple Pie?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0 Although everyone was pretty stuff from dinner they all agreed to a thin slice of pie to sweeten their pallet.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i0}