{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li255431\lin255431}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li191573\lin191573}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-49872\li143680\lin143680}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Unveiling Unwelcome Guests<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah is taken aback when she discovers that Evan has invited her visiting parents to their graduation party. When Guido calls Evan away to help with preparations, she's left alone with her parents, who express their concern. They question whether her relationship with Evan is the reason she has yet to choose a college for her master's degree.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The school year had ended, and Sarah had finished at the top of her class. This scene took place the day after everyone had graduated. In the previous scene, Evan, Guido, and a small group of friends had been setting up for a post-graduation extravaganza. In this scene, that setup continued.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Setting:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>  Grand Ballroom at Champaign Hotel in Champaign, Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Early evening on the day after college seniors had graduated.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> N/A<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Characters Present:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan, Sarah, Sarah's parents<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Guido and friends helping set up for the party.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Character Emotional State:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan's excitement was at a maximum level. He was oblivious to the pending drama between Sarah and her parents resulting from the proposal he planned for later in the evening.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah felt uneasy, sensing something was amiss. When Evan revealed that he had secretly invited her parents to the party, Sarah became bewildered and didn't understand what Evan had been thinking.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah's parents:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> At this point, Sarah's parents were more curious than anything else. They had a feeling that Sarah might not have been completely forthcoming with the seriousness of her relationship with Evan. Evan had told them that they were invited so they could be there when Evan and Guido presented a plaque to honor Sarah's status as the top of the class. However, the parents sensed there was more to it than that, but they weren't sure what it might be.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [  Use the following bullet points to create a compelling scene. The dialogue an information I provided are simply guidelines. Feel free to use whatever words and dialogue, while internal and internal you need to to write a compelling scene from beginning to end.] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 1.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan popped his head inside the door and asked Sarah she was ready for her surprise.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 2.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She said she was, and Evan open the door wider to reveal her surprise. Sarah was surprised to see her parents there, but it wasn't necessarily a surprise she desired. She had thought they had flown home yesterday. Without saying anything, she looked to Evan for an explanation. However, Guido's voice beckoned Evan for help with the party decorations in the most urgent of tones. He told Sarah he has to go how Guido, he closed the door behind him leaving Sarah and her Parents alone in the small room.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 3.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 In an unintentionally accusatory tone, Sarah asked her parents what they were doing here. She had thought they had flown back to Seattle.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 4.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Her Dad, a stern and unpleasant look on his face. Her dad told her that Evan had stopped by their hotel room and asked them to stay for the graduation party. He told them that there was a surprise waiting for you, but they promised that they would not share the details of the surprise.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 5.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah said, "You won't tell me the surprise? Can you at least tell me if it's a good surprise."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 6.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Dad (Stonefaced): "We are here aren't we."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 7.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah: "You don't seem very happy about it."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 8.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Dad: "The surprise is fine. At least if that's why we are really here. The only thing I can tell you about the surprise is that it has to do with you finishing at the top of your class. We are both very proud of you for that accomplishment. I am happy about that. What I'm not happy about is the fact that you haven't chosen a college yet. In the short time we spent speaking to Evan, he doesn't seem to think you're going anywhere.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 9.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah: "What did he say?"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 10.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Mildred (Sarah's mom): "Sarah, it's not what he said it is just the way he acted."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 11.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Dad (cutting off his wife): "Let's be straight with each other Sarah. You haven't told him that you decided on the East Coast for college have you?"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 12.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah(looking down): "No, I didn't have the courage yet. It wasn't just that. He was studying for finals, and interviewing for jobs. I didn't see any point in telling him until those things are passed."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 13.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 [ That was not Sarah's real reason, although it was a good one if she was going to make one up. ]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 14.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 I decided to wait till tomorrow. Sarah's father remain unconvinced.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 15.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Dad: do I have your word on that?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 16.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah (she often refers to him as father in situation where she wants to make it clear she is being respectful) : "Yes father, you have my word."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 17.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 The scene closes with an excited Evan opening the door and letting everyone know that the party is about to start.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This was the second scene of this chapter. The inner turmoil in Sarah ramped up as her parents questioned her about her future plans with Evan and with college.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind..<!$Scr_Ps::5>}}