{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan had briefly met her parents on graduation day. Mention that here, it was at that time when Sarah stepped away for a moment that Evan invited her parents to the party. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The school year had ended. Sarah had finished at the top of her class. This scene took place the day after everyone had graduated. In the previous scene, Evan, Guido, and small group of friends were setting up for a post-graduation extravaganza. In this scene, that set up continues.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Evan:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan's excitement was at a maximum level. Evan is oblivious to the pending drama between Sarah and her parents resulting from Evan's proposal that will happen later in the evening.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> Sarah is feeling uneasy, sensing something is amiss. When Evan reveals that he secretly invited her parents to the party, Sarah is bewildered and doesn't understand what Evan was thinking.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah's parents:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> At this point, Sarah's parents are more curious than anything else. They have a feeling that Sarah may not have been completely forthcoming with the seriousness of her relationship with Evan. Evan told them that they were invited so they could be there when Evan and Guido present a plaque to honor Sarah's status as top of class. However, the parents sense that there is more to it than that, but they're not sure what that might be.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 This is the second scene of this chapter. The inner turmoil in Sarah ramps up as her parents question her about her future plans with Evan and with college.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}}