{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan Vaughn drove his seasoned Subaru SUV, the odometer proudly displaying over a hundred thousand miles, towards the college campus. The weather was a replica of that unforgettable day when he first met Sarah, a perfect day where the sun beamed merrily and the air held just the right amount of warmth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Inside the car, the radio played an upbeat tune, setting the rhythm of the morning. Last night, the Cubs had scored a win, and it felt like a personal victory. Life was shining bright.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His late-night conversation with Guido played back in his mind. Guido had swayed him from the exhaustive internet search for his enigmatic girl and had candidly shown Evan the stark image of himself - sitting alone in the rain, hoping for a woman who might not turn up. His friend's words held a mirror to the desperation that had been lurking, and it wasn't a pleasant sight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A night of sound sleep had refreshed Evan, bringing him an idea that felt like a sudden revelation, a divine epiphany. It seemed as though the universe had silently slipped this seed of thought into his mind. "Sarah," he remembered, "always dressed like a professor. She could be a bookworm. And where do bookworms hibernate? The library. Obvious!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This new insight filled Evan with a wave of optimism. He had a plan now, a strategy. The library was his destination. On reaching the campus, he would check the location of their first kiss. If she wasn't there, he wouldn't spend hours outside waiting. Instead, he would head straight to the undergrad library, certain that's where he'd find her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the university campus came into view, he parked his vehicle and stepped out, breathing in the welcoming scent of early fall. With the car door closing behind him, Evan felt a surge of confidence, his excitement carefully tamed, replaced with determination. No longer was he a man lost in his pursuit; he was a man with a plan, a plan to find Sarah.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Author's style: Direct and energetic, focusing on inner dialogue and sensory description to establish the character's state of mind and emotions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}