{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li255431\lin255431}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li191573\lin191573}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-49872\li143680\lin143680}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's Father Gives Her an Ultimatum <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 In their hotel room, Sarah's parents confronted her about her future plans. Her father was deeply disappointed that she was considering moving to Chicago with Evan instead of pursuing her master's degree at an Ivy League school. He gave her an ultimatum: adhere to their agreement or lose his financial support. Sarah was left with one month to make her choice.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 In the previous scene, Sarah's parents walked out of the room, disappointed that their daughter had accepted Evan's proposal. They went up to their hotel room. After the graduation party had ended, Sarah took what felt like a walk of shame to face her parents. This scene started with Sarah's short journey from the party room to the penthouse suite in the same hotel.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Setting:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Penthouse suite at Champaign Hotel in Champaign, Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Late evening after the graduation party and after Evan's proposal.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> N/A<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Characters Present:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah, Sarah's Father.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Mother.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Character Emotional State:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah felt sick to her stomach as she journeyed to her parents' penthouse suite. She knew the conversation with her father was not going to go well, and she knew her mother would support whatever perspective her father chose. A penetrating feeling of guilt and shame flowed throughout her body. There was no excitement that one would expect from a newly engaged woman. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah's Father:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's father was profoundly disappointed in his daughter's decision. However, his disappointment should not be mistaken for anger. He respected Sarah and her decisions, but as a stern businessman and father, breaking promises and changing contracts came at a cost. In his mind, Sarah still had time to make the proper choice, which in his mind, was returning to her master plan. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah's Mother:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> While Sarah's mother provided a softer tone than her husband, she was in full support and agreement with the ultimatum he gave to Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 On a scene we recently worked on, Sarah went up to her parents hotel room and her father gave her an ultimatum, threatening to pull financial support if she breaks the agreement that maybe for college.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 I want to insert a heart-to-heart conversation between Sarah and Evan before she talks to her father. Use the information below to generate me a beginning to that scene.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Plot Action:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Let's have Evan and Sarah have a heart-to-heart talk before she heads to her dad's hotel room. Evan has his own father issues, and he saw the look on both Sarah's face and her father's face after he proposed. Evan wants Sarah to be sure about her choice. For him, love is all that matters, everything else will work itself out. But he understands it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s not like that for everyone. He also understands that asking someone to marry them in a crowd people and sometimes garner a proposal  acceptance out of feeling of obligation.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Have Evan give Sarah and out. Evan is not afraid to challenge her and say he wants her to be all and or not and it all. He said he has a week to return the ring no cost. If she needs more time, then he'll wait.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 After Evan gives her a chance to exit the relationship guiltlessly, or delay the engagement guiltlessly, she takes a look at the ring, and Evan. And decides she doesn't want to live without him. She loves the ring and she loves him and she will pay whatever price she has to to be with him. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Those are internal thoughts, only. She doesn't want Evan to know that she feels she needs up to sacrifice something to be with him. That's simply her reality that she cannot do anything about. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Although there is no chance that Sarah is going to be 100% positive anytime soon, she gives Evan the reassurance he needs. She's ready to face her father. She's ready to stand by her decision to marry Evan, accepting the fact that she will never be positive. Such is the nature of love she supposes.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Ps::6>[ At the moment, I don't have anything ready for this scene other than what I've shared. Based on what you know about the characters storyline, and this scene profile, write me a complete and compelling scene to end this chapter with Sarah's father's ultimatum. ]<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This was the final scene of the chapter before the cliffhanger climax that would end this book. Sarah was presented with an ultimatum and a choice she never thought she'd have to make. She had to choose between her love for Evan and following him to Chicago, or leaving Evan and returning to her master plan to attend an Ivy League school for her master's, and then returning to Seattle to work for her father.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind..<!$Scr_Ps::7>}}