{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In their hotel room, Sarah's parents confront her about her future plans. Her father is deeply disappointed that she is considering moving to Chicago with Evan instead of pursuing her master's degree at an Ivy League school. He gives her an ultimatum: adhere to their agreement or lose his financial support. Sarah is left with one month to make her choice.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In the previous, Sarah's parents walked out of the room, disappointed that her daughter had accepted Evan's proposal. They went up to their hotel room. After graduation party had ended, Sarah took what felt like a walk of shame, to face her parents. This scene started with Sarah's short journey from the party room to the penthouse suite in the same hotel.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> Sarah felt sick to her stomach as she journeyed to her parents penthouse suite. She knew the conversation with her father was not going to go well, and she knew her mother would support whatever perspective her father chose. A penetrating feeling of guilt and shame flowed throughout her body. There was no excitement that one would expect from a newly engaged woman.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah's Father:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> Sarah's father was profoundly disappointed in his daughter's decision. However, his disappointment should not be mistaken for anger. He respects Sarah and her decisions, but as a stern businessman and father, breaking promises and changing contracts come at a cost. In his mind, Sarah still has time to make the proper choice, which in his mind, is returning to her master plan.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah's Mother:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> While Sarah's mother provides a softer tone than her husband, she is in full support an agreement with the ultimatum he gave to Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re nearing the end of book 1. This is the final scene of the chapter before the cliffhanger climaxed that will and this book. Sarah is presented with an ultimatum and a choice she never thought she'd have to make. She must choose between her love for Evan and following him to Chicago or leaving Evan and returned to her master plan to attend an Ivy League school for her master's and then returned to Seattle to work for her father.}}