{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-157620\li227148\lin227148}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-210160\li302864\lin302864}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-11835\li34096\lin34096}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li25572\lin25572}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-6657\li9593\lin9593}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-6657\li19179\lin19179}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan Gives Sarah a Promise Ring<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan gives Sarah a promise ring on Valentine's Day, symbolizing his deep love and commitment. While outwardly pleased, Sarah is inwardly conflicted. The touching gesture is at odds with her master plan to leave Evan for an Ivy League school after graduation. Her emotions teeter between joy at Evan's devotion and fear of the future.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 After the holiday season was over, Sarah's philanthropic endeavors slowed down dramatically. This slowdown was typical at the beginning of a new year. With so much free time on her hands, she and Evan grew closer, and their love became stronger. This scene occurred on Valentine's Day.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's Apartment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evening on Valentine's Day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>N/A<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>None<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> After a month of near bliss in her romance with Evan, Sarah is feeling excited and amorous on this Valentine's Day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan is extremely excited for Valentine's Day. He has bought Sarah a promise ring as his Valentine's Day gift.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action: <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 1.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 It was Valentine's Day. Sarah had never had a serious boyfriend before, so this would be her first ever experience on Valentine's Day. She was excited since the new year, everything had been smooth sailing for her and Evan their spending more time together, he had accepted that she was at integrating with his friends, but Sarah did bond to some extent with Evan's sister during the Christmas holiday. Evan was doing extremely well in all her volunteer events and had come to enjoy volunteering. It was not some task he had to do. Things were going well, and as Sarah waited for Evan's arrival at her apartment, she visualized how well the last month was in how well the next month might be.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 2.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan arrived, and as you might expect a lot of loving gentle and passionate kisses were exchanged before they sat down to exchange Valentine's Day gifts.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 3.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah went first, showing Evan a brochure to a lovers retreat and a highly rated, upscale resort. She had three day weekend for them the upcoming week.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 4.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan loved his gift of course.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 5.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan had a gift of a different nature for Sarah. A promise ring.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 6.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah didn't quite know what the promise ring was. Evan told her it simply a ring to show his commitment to her and their relationship. Sarah was nervous as Evan put it on her ring finger of the left hand, but she figured it was just one of those college things that she didn't fully understand. She wasn't overly concerned about it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 7.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The truth is, she like the idea of being Evan being hers and she being his. Two lovers devoted to each other even if only for their senior year in college. She been feeling so happy over the past month and 1/2 that everything felt amazing to her, including this ring she quickly took a selfie and posted it on her Facebook account.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 8.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan's second prize was a candlelight dinner at a nearby restaurant. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 9.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Describe the romantic Italian restaurant and integrate the happenings of the restaurant as they enjoyed their evening together. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 10.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah's love for Evan seemed to be growing deeper by the day. This Valentine's Day notch the feeling of love up 10 times a normal day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 11.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 While at the restaurant, Evan started saying things that made Sarah nervous. It wasn't that he spoke directly about maintaining their relationship after college, but he spoke as though that wasn't going to happen. Sarah was too scared to bring up the subject, but she began to worry about the future. It wasn't just Evan's feelings she was worried about, it was her own. She didn't want the relationship to end anytime soon, but she couldn't see how they can keep the relationship going if she went off to get her master's degree in some East Coast college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 12.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The night ended with passionate lovemaking back at Sarah's apartment.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene depicted the yo-yo nature of Sarah's feelings about her relationship with Evan. During the busy holiday season, Sarah had been as she always was, focused and dedicated to her work. While she still enjoyed being with Evan, and loved him very much, the analytical Sarah was in charge during the holidays.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 With an easy work month and it being Valentine's Day, in this scene, Sarah embraced her love for Evan and prioritized her time with him. That day was a no-worry, no-conflict day for Sarah. However, the reader will see that the next day, Sarah will be back in conflict, worrying about what the promise ring meant to her long-term plans. But this valentine\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s, she was like any other woman in love on Valentine's Day.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::6>Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Brochure to a lovers retreat.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Promise ring.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Valentines day cards.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}}