{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green85\blue127;\red0\green174\blue254;\red129\green129\blue193;\red152\green72\blue6;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Book 1: College Days<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\cf5 Chapter 1: The Kiss<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\cf6 * Scene 0100 Sarah is Late for Class<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Characters: Sarah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Location: Undergrad Library}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tone: Frantic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Weather: Perfect Sunny day, Comfortable Temperature}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Note: The Undergrad Library is underground. For this scene, Sarah will not know the weather conditions.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>* Provide a vivid description of the undergrad library and it's history - Discuss the Morrow Plots.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\i1\cf7 * Sarah is listening through her earbuds, enjoying a riveting audio seminar on expanding business internationally.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\i1\cf7 * In her role as a teacher's assistant, she teaches Business-101 class to first year students.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\i1\cf7 * Captivated by the audio seminar, she lost track of time and is in danger of being late for the class she used to teach.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\i1\cf7 * Panicked, she grabs up all their belongings from the table in the library.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\i1\cf7 * Sarah wants to finished the last few minutes of her audio seminar, so she bees her earbuds in and rushes up the stairs to the exit of the library. There's only a few minutes left to her audio seminar, so she leaves her earbuds in while she rushes to class.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\i1\cf7 * The scene should end before Sarah exits the library.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 * Scene 0105 Evan and Guido in the Quad<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Characters: Evan, Guido}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Location: }{\f0\fs28\b0 "The Quad" located on campus of the University of Illinois}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tone: }{\f0\fs28\b0 Humorous}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Weather: Perfect Sunny day, Comfortable Temperature}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Note: Although the scene is meant to have a humorous tone, the reader should understand how important it is to Evan to maintain a 3.0 GPA and keep his promise to his sister, Liz.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>* Evan and Guido are playing Frisbee in the Quad. Evan decides to head to the undergrad library for extra study time to keep his grade point average above 3.0 \endash  a promise he made to his sister Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0110 Evan And Sarah Kiss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0115 Sarah is Frazzled}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter 2: Evan Woos Sarah}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0120: Evan Waits for Sarah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0125 Evan Finds Sarah at the library}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0130 Evan and Sarah Food Court Date}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter 3: Sarah Prepares for First Date}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0140 Sarah Asks Katie For Help}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0145 Katie at Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apartment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0150 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Makeover}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter 4: Sarah and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s First Date}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0160 Sarah & Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s First Date}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0164 Evan Gives Sarah a Pendant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0165 Sarah Updates Katie}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter 5: Evan Proposes to Sarah}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0170 Graduation Party}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0175 Sarah's Meets with Her Parents }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0180 Evan Meets Sarah's Parents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0185 Evan Proposes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 * Scene 0190 Sarah's Father Gives Her an Ultimatum }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}