{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Replace/Create this character\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s existing profile with this one.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Name: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz Vaughn<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Gender: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Female<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Age: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>23<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Place of Birth: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Glenview, Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Current residence: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Glenview, Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Physical Attributes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Resembles: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Actress Lauren Graham}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Hair Color: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Brown}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Hair Length: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Medium-Long}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Hair Style: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Wavy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Eye Color: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Brown}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Height: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>5'7"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Weight: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Average weight plus 5 to 10 pounds.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Physical Appearance: <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz Vaughn is a 23-year-old woman of average build, standing 5'7" tall and carrying an extra 5 to 10 pounds beyond her average weight. Her face is framed by medium-long, wavy brown hair that cascades gently around her shoulders. Her eyes, a deep and warm shade of brown, exude kindness and wisdom, mirroring her nurturing personality. Her clothing choices lean conservative, often featuring business casual attire for her professional life. She wears dresses for special occasions and sometimes while working, reflecting a style that is modest but elegant. Her overall appearance conveys a sense of maturity and grace, in harmony with her role as a mentor and mother figure to many.  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>Clothing and Fashion Choices: <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Conservative for both work and personal life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Business casual for professional life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 She'll wear dresses on special occasions and half the time when working.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Personality Attributes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Personality Traits:  <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>In terms of brand archetypes, she would be considered a Sage.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Her Myers-Briggs archetype is INFP.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 She is a mentor and mother figure to many.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 She is compassionate and kind.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Strengths:  <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::3> }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Helpful}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Caring}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Compassionate}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Loving}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Reliable}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Nurturing<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Likes: <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Wine and coffee}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Socializing with friends and family}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Helping people with their problems<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Dislikes: <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Rude people}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Manipulative people}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Social Media}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Falsely modest people}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Arrogant people}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Catchphrases: <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>"If it's meant to be, it will be."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 "Things have a way of working out."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 "Everything happens for a reason."`<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Relationships: <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Her younger brother by two years. She practically raised him after his parents divorced, and his mom had to work two jobs to make ends meet. Liz is as much a mentor as a big sister and surrogate mom. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 They continue to have a close bond. First-person Evan calls in a crisis is Liz. She relishes that role and is always there for him.  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Guido: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Although not blood-related, Liz treats Guido like a younger brother.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Joe: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>In this book, Joe is her boyfriend but becomes her husband in the future.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Background/History:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Education Background: <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>She earned her bachelor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s degree in business administration from Illinois State University.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>Family background: <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Her parents got divorced when she was 12.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>Health History: <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1080\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>In this book, she is healthy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In the future, she will suffer from fertility problems.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Future Outlook:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Aspirations/Dreams: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz's dream is to get married, buy a house, have children, and live a very simple and happy life.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Primary Goal: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Get married and start a family.  <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 What is the character's role in the novel?<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz plays a small role in this book when she receives a call from Evan asking for advice about finding Sarah. However, understanding her role in Evan's life is essential. When Evan was a 10-year-old, his father left, and Liz, as a supportive big sister, became indispensable in his life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Their unshakable, unbreakable bond extends far beyond this event. As Evan's mother works two jobs to make ends meet, Liz steps in, taking on multiple roles. She becomes a big sister, a mentor, and a surrogate mother for Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Liz was always mature beyond her years. Even at 12 years old, she possesses the temperament and maturity of an adult. She embraces and thrives in her role, supporting Evan and their mom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Under Liz's guidance, Evan transforms from a resentful, hotheaded, rambunctious child and teen into a man everyone admires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 She wishes she could find a way to help Evan let go of his resentment and forgive his father.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The love and respect between Liz and Evan are as deep as any bond between siblings. Each would do anything for the other. <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Key Events: <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Backstory: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Her parents divorce.  <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Beliefs: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz has a strong moral compass and believes family is life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most important part. <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Character Description:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Liz Vaughn, 23, embodies wisdom, compassion, and nurturing qualities that have defined her relationships, particularly with her younger brother, Evan. Born and raised in Glenview, Illinois, she carries a strong sense of family and moral integrity. Her brown eyes radiate kindness, and her medium-long, wavy brown hair adds to her approachable demeanor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Her clothing choices reflect her conservative nature, favoring business casual in her professional life and dresses for special occasions. Liz has a tendency to be the mentor and mother figure in her relationships, always putting others' needs first. She's a lover of wine and coffee and enjoys socializing with family and friends but dislikes rudeness, manipulation, and arrogance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Her personality aligns with the Sage archetype, and her Myers-Briggs type is INFP. Strengths like being helpful, caring, compassionate, loving, reliable, and nurturing define her character, but these strengths also manifest as her weaknesses, as she sometimes prioritizes others to her own detriment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In her relationships, Liz is a devoted sister to Evan and a loving partner to Joe, her boyfriend who becomes her husband in the future. Her dream is simple yet profound: to marry, buy a house, have children, and live a happy and fulfilled life. Her role in Evan's life, as a sister, mentor, and surrogate mother, has been instrumental in shaping him into the man he becomes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Liz's strong moral compass and her belief in the importance of family form the foundation of her character. Her aspirational goal of starting a family mirrors her love for those around her. Her character symbolizes the enduring bonds of family, the transformative power of love, and the resilience of a young woman who has matured beyond her years, providing guidance and support to those she loves. Her presence, though small in the novel's plot, has a profound and lasting impact on Evan's life. <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}}