{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The Grand Ballroom at Champaign Hotel buzzed with the energy of celebration. Twinkling chandeliers cast a golden glow on the sea of graduates, friends, and family members. A live band played upbeat tunes near a rented photo booth, which had a line of people waiting for their turn. The open bar was besieged by eager revelers, contributing to the increasing level of intoxication--and thereby jubilation--in the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan had told Sarah's parents that her surprise would unfold 30 minutes into the party. Furnished with comfortable chairs at the back of the room, they settled down to wait, their faces masked with curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, a natural showman, relished his role as the evening's emcee. Dressed in a slightly oversized tuxedo, he juggled handing out gag awards with banter, jokes, and occasional dance moves. As the clock neared the half-hour mark, the atmosphere seemed to heighten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "And now, folks, the moment you've all been waiting for!" Guido boomed into the microphone, his eyes scanning the crowd until they found Sarah. "Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Sarah, this year's valedictorian!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's heart jolted. This was unexpected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a grand gesture, Guido beckoned her to the stage. Evan, grinning like a Cheshire cat, offered his arm, and they made their way up together. As they reached Guido, Evan slipped away quietly, his hand fishing for something in his pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido launched into a glowing speech about Sarah's academic achievements, handing her a well-crafted plaque. Sarah glanced at it, trying to mask her confusion. She'd never expected an award, and certainly not from this group. Most of the faces staring back at her were people she'd hardly connected with during her time at the school. Their raucous applause seemed inexplicably loud, almost urging.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> W}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 hat's going}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4  on}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4  here?}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just then, the applause mutated into hollers, people spinning their hands and chanting, "Turn around! Turn around!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Turning, her eyes met Evan's. He was on one knee, a diamond ring in his outstretched hand. A collective hush fell over the room as Guido held the microphone to Sarah's mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her thoughts raced at lightning speed, fumbling through ways to decline Evan's proposal without causing a scene. She opened her mouth to speak, but instead, her lips formed the word, "Yes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room erupted in jubilant cheers, whistles, and applause. Evan slipped the ring onto her finger and then, as if he'd captured a star from the sky just for her, he lifted her off the ground and spun her around. When he set her down, his lips found hers--a passionate kiss that sealed their love and silenced any lingering doubts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Sarah's eyes flitted open, her gaze was instinctively drawn to the back of the room, past the sea of jubilant faces, to where her father stood. His eyes were unreadable, but his jaw was set, his mouth a flat line. For a second, their eyes met, and in that brief connection, Sarah felt a twinge of regret--not for saying yes to Evan, but for the disappointment that clouded her father's face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her heart sank as she watched him take her mother's hand and quietly lead her out of the ballroom, exiting through the far entrance without a word. But even as they disappeared, Sarah felt Evan's arms tighten around her, and once more, she was pulled back into the magnetic warmth of the love that had just promised to be hers, forever.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He's my choice, Dad, whether you agree or not.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}