{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\li71871\fi-49872\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan surprises Sarah by presenting her a plaque recognizing her as top of her graduating class. As she stands on a small stage to receive it, the crowd urges her to turn around, revealing Evan on one knee, proposing. Although conflicted, Sarah accepts the proposal, thrilling the crowd but visibly dismaying her father.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 The school year had ended, and Sarah had finished at the top of her class. This scene took place the day after everyone had graduated. The previous scene had Sarah finding out that Evan had invited her parents to their graduation party. She doesn't know why, and during the conversation with her parents she unconvincingly tried to convince them, and maybe herself, that her relationship with Evan was just a senior year fling.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 The school year had ended, and Sarah had finished at the top of her class. This scene took place the day after everyone had graduated. The previous scene had Sarah finding out that Evan had invited her parents to their graduation party. She doesn't know why, and during the conversation with her parents she unconvincingly tried to convince them, and maybe herself, that her relationship with Evan was just a senior year fling.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}