{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan couldn't help but admire Sarah as she approached, her vibrant turquoise evening gown shimmering in the ballroom's light. The fitted bodice with its modest sweetheart neckline adorned with intricate lace highlighted her grace and elegance, and the gentle train added a touch of sophistication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You look amazing, Sarah," he said, his voice filled with genuine admiration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's eyes widened, taking in Evan's well-fitted charcoal gray suit, soft blue dress shirt, and stylish maroon tie. "And you, Evan, look like you were born to wear that suit." The outfit, though purchased on a budget, gave Evan a refined appearance, suitable for the elegant fundraiser event. It was a visual testament to his effort to fit into her world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After Evan and Sarah exchanged compliments, she grabbed her glass of wine from the bar. "Come on, Evan. Let's go talk somewhere privately," she said, her voice filled with a mix of excitement and concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's eyebrows shot up in intrigue, but he obediently followed her. They wove through the crowd, past the coat check room, and into a small storage room. The door clicked shut behind them, creating an intimate space filled with the scent of freshly laundered linens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Is this the make-out room?" he asked, his voice brimming with the energy of a teenager in love. He leaned in for a kiss, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's laugh was soft and alluring, but her tone was firm. "Not here. This is my work. We have to keep it professional." Her eyes were serious but playful, and Evan couldn't help but be captivated by her dedication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan leaned back, his lips curving into a teasing smile. "Why are we whispering? There's no one here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I have no idea." Sarah laughed again, her anxiety momentarily forgotten. The sound was like a melody to Evan's ears, and they both laughed, the tension easing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Finally, Sarah's expression shifted to one of focus and purpose. "I brought you back here because I wanted to prep you for the fundraiser. I should've done this earlier, but I got so busy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Prep away!" Evan's enthusiasm was infectious, his eyes bright with curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah took a moment, her eyes searching his, her voice soft with concern. "Well, first, tell me how you're feeling. Are you nervous?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's response was genuine and thoughtful, his nerves laid bare. "I was extremely nervous when I left my apartment. I decided to call Liz on the two-hour drive to Chicago. She reminded me that no matter how wealthy or sophisticated a person is, they still put on their pants one leg at a time. They still sneeze, burp, cough, cry, and laugh. She also told me that, most importantly, rich or poor, the best people prioritize authenticity. If they don't like me for who I am, then I should simply, as Liz calls it, 'exit gracefully.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "And that's all it took to calm your nerves?" Sarah's voice was tinged with amusement, but her eyes were gentle, filled with understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's face split into a grin, ever the comic. "Well, that and a little help from my friend Jack Daniels that your bartender introduced me to."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They both laughed again, the room filled with the sound of their shared joy. Then Sarah's face turned serious, her business look taking over. "This fundraising event is for the nonprofit organization, 'Home Is Where the Heart Is.' It was founded by a very wealthy businessman and gentleman named Marcus Chamberlain \endash  think Morgan Freeman's twin brother."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Gotcha!" Evan's response was immediate, his mind working quickly to absorb the information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "This is the third event I've organized for him. I like working for him because he's not a jerk and gives me the autonomy to do the job right. He is quite distinguished, so be on your best behavior around him." Sarah's words were filled with a mix of pride and caution, her faith in Evan evident but tinged with a hint of anxiety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, ever attentive, repeated the critical components of words to help him remember. "Marcus Chamberlain, Home Is Where the Heart Is, best behavior. Got it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "What will the funds raised tonight be used for?" His question was genuine, his interest in the cause clear in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's answer was filled with passion, her belief in the cause shining through. "Home Is Where the Heart Is provides funds and volunteers to help low-income families rehab homes in disrepair. They also help rebuild uninsured or underinsured homes lost due to fire or natural disaster."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Wow! Those are good causes." Evan's admiration was evident, his respect for Sarah's work growing by the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Yes, it is. I hope to top last year's record for this annual fundraising event." Sarah's determination was palpable, her desire to succeed burning brightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Who else do I need to know about? The bartender said I may have to defend you against some salacious wolves?" Evan's words were accompanied by a humorously exaggerated boxer's pose, his dukes held high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's laughter rang out again, her delight in Evan's antics clear. "Just having you by my side will spook them away. It will be nice not to have to deal with them for once."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She looked at her watch, her face falling slightly. "We're out of time. Look, do your best. Don't be offended or surprised if a bunch of people try to get you to donate money. Since no one knows you, they may think you're a trust fund kid and see you as fresh meat."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's face turned mock-serious, his eyes twinkling. "Can I get a kiss before we head out into the den of wolves?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan found it amusing when his request for a quick kiss was met with a brief, paranoid glance around the room. He didn't understand her caution, but her endearing paranoia brought a smile to his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Alright, one quick kiss, that's it." Sarah's words were firm, but her eyes were soft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 True to her word, Evan got a quick kiss, and that was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah opened the door, peeked her head out, and looked both ways. With the coast clear, she and Evan walked down the hall toward The Grand Ballroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As they reached the edge of the grand ballroom, illuminated by the soft glow of crystal chandeliers and filled with the murmur of elegant conversations, Evan turned to Sarah with an air of traditional gallantry. His eyes met hers, and with a slight, gentlemanly bow, he extended his arm toward her. Understanding the timeless gesture, Sarah gracefully slipped her arm into his, allowing her hand to rest just above his elbow. With arms interlocked, they ventured into the mystery of the evening ahead, both excited and optimistic about what lay before them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}