{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red129\green129\blue193;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 The living room of Liz and Joe's Glenview apartment was bursting with Christmas\~spirit.\~Twinkling lights from the tree cast their glow over festive wrapping paper and\~bows.\~Holiday music filled the room, keeping pace with the laughter and the crinkling of wrapping\~paper.\~The curtains had been opened wide, letting the brightness of the snow-covered world outside pour in like liquid\~happiness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Each family member had claimed their present-opening spot--on the couch, armchairs, and even on the\~floor.\~Evan and Sarah, as if telepathically in sync, effortlessly handed out gifts, reading tags and depositing the colorfully wrapped packages into the hands of their loved\~ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz, always pragmatic, had given Joe a set of winter boots, socks, and a coat that he had been eyeing for\~weeks.\~Evan received socks too, along with a gift card to his favorite sporting goods store and a gym bag he'd wanted but hadn't been able to\~afford.\~Sarah unwrapped a spa gift card from Liz, her eyes lighting up momentarily, though her emotions stayed typically\~subdued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe, not known for his gift-choosing skills, had resorted to an assortment of gift cards for everyone--Amazon for Liz, Target for Evan, and Starbucks for\~Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Bridget, bringing a little extravagance into the celebration, handed out airplane ticket vouchers to Liz, Joe, and\~Evan.\~For Sarah, it was a Starbucks gift card, a small but thoughtful\~gesture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan and Sarah's gift to Joe had stolen the show, for a while at\~least.\~A signed football from Joe's favorite Bears\~player.\~Joe was floored. How did they manage\~it?\~Evan just shrugged, a twinkle in his\~eye.\~"Let him keep\~guessing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Then it was Evan's turn to be\~surprised.\~From Sarah, he received tickets to an upcoming Chicago Bulls game and a signed jersey from his favorite\~player.\~"How did you...?" he began, only to be met with Sarah's sly\~grin.\~"You answered your own question when Joe asked," she\~said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The pendant care kit that Evan gave Sarah may not have been extravagant, but the sentiment was\~rich.\~"I don't want you to have to keep going back to the jeweler to keep your pendant\~shiny.\~I'll do it for you." He could feel Sarah's hand squeezing his shoulder, a silent, proud affirmation of his gift\~choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Finally, only one gift remained--the one from Sarah and Evan to\~Liz.\~It sat there, conspicuously last, as Evan had\~requested.\~Sarah gave Evan another gentle squeeze on the shoulder, her eyes meeting\~his.\~Both of them knew how meaningful this gift was, not just to them but to Liz as\~well.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The gold folder in Liz's hands felt like it weighed a ton. Sarah's heart raced as she watched Liz shake it lightly, joking about its\~contents.}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 \~So far, so good,}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Sarah assured herself, taking deep, even breaths to counter the emotional undercurrent she felt bubbling up from the depths of her\~soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's fingers worked the seal\~open.\~}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 Hold it together,}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Sarah mentally commanded\~herself.\~She could feel her inner walls straining, almost caving under the weight of the impending emotional\~flood.\~}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 This is the big\~test.}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz opened the folder, her eyes scanning the\~contents.\~A sudden cascade of tears broke free, painting her face a shade of red Sarah had never seen\~before.\~Liz looked over at Evan, pride swelling in her gaze, before passing the paper to her mother and then to\~Joe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's own eyes betrayed\~her.\~Tears filled them, brimming at the edges but not quite\~falling.\~}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 Not a win, but an acceptable tie,}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, taking it as a small triumph in the constant tug-of-war between her stoic training and her human\~emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The paper Liz had been holding was Evan's preliminary grade report for the\~semester.\~Four A's and one B. His GPA had risen from the precarious 3.0 to a more comfortable 3.2, more than keeping his promise to\~Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, still weeping, enveloped Evan in a heartfelt\~hug.\~Sarah's own eyes were miniature lakes by now, threatening to spill\~over.\~}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 Just a little\~more.}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And then it happened. Liz turned her attention to Sarah, pulling her into a hug that seemed to fuse their\~souls.\~Forehead against forehead, Liz locked eyes with\~Sarah.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan has told me all that you've done for\~him.\~How you helped him get his grades up, how you helped make him a better\~man.\~This gift is as much from you as it is from\~him.\~Thank you so\~much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Another hug, and that was\~it.\~Sarah's emotional dam broke. Tears flowed freely, not as violently as the night before, but with enough force to humble any notion she had of being impervious to\~emotion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 For the next ten minutes, the room filled with chatter and\~congratulations.\~Evan, ever humble, was quick to credit Sarah for the help she'd\~provided.\~Everyone seemed pleased with their gifts, a harmonious end to a memorable\~morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah wiped away her tears, silently forgiving herself for the emotional\~display.\~}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 That should be the end of it,}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, feeling her muscles\~relax.\~}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 Nothing left to derail me now.}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Or so she hoped, oblivious to the roller coaster ride that was far from\~over.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Just when Sarah thought the emotional rollercoaster had reached its final stop, Joe started shuffling around the base of the Christmas tree, his movements oddly\~deliberate.\~}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>What is he doing?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she wondered, feeling her gut\~tighten.\~She was still recovering from the earlier emotional outpourings, feeling exposed and\~vulnerable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Ah, what do we have here?" Joe pretended to discover something under the\~tree.\~With a suspiciously neat package in hand, he walked over to\~Liz.\~Sarah watched in slow motion as Joe dropped to one knee in front of\~her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Time itself seemed to slow. The room was dead silent except for the muted Christmas music playing in the\~background.\~Sarah felt her heart pounding, her eyes widening, as Joe looked up at Liz, his own eyes shimmering with a mix of hope and\~vulnerability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Liz, I've spent a lifetime waiting for someone like you," he said, his voice tinged with\~emotion.\~"Will you marry\~me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room exploded into a chorus of sobs and\~gasps.\~Liz burst into tears, nodding furiously as Joe slipped the ring onto her\~finger.\~Evan wiped his eyes, the emotional armor he usually wore now completely\~shattered.\~Bridget was a crying mess, clutching a tissue to her\~face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And then there was Sarah. Tears welled up, breaking all the dams she had built in her\~mind.\~}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>Screw it,<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought. }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>Since I can't control it, I might as well embrace it.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  And embrace it she\~did.\~Tears cascaded down her cheeks, but for the first time that day, she welcomed\~them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Liz and Joe shared their tearful kiss, Sarah allowed herself to revel in the\~moment.\~The pure, uninhibited joy. In the short time she'd known Liz, she had grown incredibly fond of\~her.\~This was a woman who had opened her home to Sarah, who had treated Evan like a son, and who had just given her something precious--a\~family.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah felt grateful, humbled, and profoundly connected to everyone in that\~room.\~She had lost her battle against her tears, but in that surrender, she found something much more\~valuable:\~a sense of belonging, of unconditional love, and a newfound appreciation for the messy but beautiful tapestry of human\~emotion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After the emotional intensity of Joe's proposal and acceptance, the room shifted to a quieter, more contented buzz. Congratulatory hugs were exchanged, hands were shaken, and cheerful chatter filled the room. Liz floated over to Sarah, her ring glittering in the light. "Look at this beauty, would you?" Liz whispered, holding out her hand so Sarah could get a close-up view. "Isn't it just perfect?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah grinned, admiring the ring. "Absolutely stunning, Liz. He did good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just as everyone seemed to settle into this new, happy reality, Sarah's voice pierced the warm ambiance. "I just have one question."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Every eye turned her way, tension momentarily building again. Perhaps she was about to ask something serious, something related to the life-altering moment that had just occurred?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah grinned mischievously. "I'm dying to know. What the heck is the name of this movie we're going to watch?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room erupted into laughter. Evan, Liz, and Bridget burst out in unison, unable to hold back their chuckles. Joe, however, buried his face in his hands, shaking his head from side to side. He had been secretly hoping that the grandiosity of his proposal would spare him another viewing of the infamous film.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, Bridget, and Evan exchanged glances and then, in perfect unison, declared, "White Christmas."<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}