{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 It was clear to Sarah that children of all ages, particularly teens, made her nervous. Similar to the awkwardness she felt around people her own age, it was twice as awkward with children. But she was committed to doing her best when introduced to Diego. Her eyes met Evan's, and in that moment, a world of understanding passed between them. Evan knew she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allow PDA at her work, and he was filthy dirty and wouldn\u8217\'92t want to get her dirty by giving her a big hug. But in his eyes, there was a declaration of love that she could feel to the core of her being. He settled for a loving smile that spoke volumes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Katie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, this is Diego. He did a great job today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nice to meet you, Diego. Thank you so much for helping out today. I have something for you.\u8221\'94 Sarah held up the shirt, her voice carrying the elegance and grace that marked her character. Before giving it to Diego, she added, \u8220\'93All of our valued volunteers receive a free T-shirt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego received the shirt from Sarah and, being a polite young man, thanked her. However, he was interested in something other than the T-shirt. He turned to Evan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s your girlfriend!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's smile was radiant, the smile of a man deeply in love. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep! She sure is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's eyes widened, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You done good!\u8221\'94 He then raised his hand to high-five Evan for his choice of girlfriend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The room was filled with laughter, a melody of joy that bound them all together. Sarah, Katie, and Evan laughed aloud at his remark. Sarah's nerves were replaced with warmth as she engaged Diego. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it was hard work, but did you have fun out there today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a blast!\u8221\'94 Diego responded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad to hear it! What was the best part of the day?\u8221\'94 Sarah's eyes sparkled with genuine interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Katie chimed in, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was hanging out with Evan, wasn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. The best part of the day was lunch!\u8221\'94 Diego's comments had all three of them cracking up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you hungry?\u8221\'94 Sarah asked, her voice tinged with motherly concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am starving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah turned to Katie, her eyes filled with a mixture of kindness and understanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Katie, there\u8217\'92s plenty of leftovers from lunch today in the office. They are just going to go to waste. Sandwiches are in the fridge, drinks are in the cooler, and there\u8217\'92s still some snacks left in a bag.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's eyes shone with a childlike excitement. Katie asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you like to grab some food before you go home, Diego?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego was thinking, As if she had to ask. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would I? Dang right I would.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan whispered something in Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear, his voice a soft caress, leading her to offer something to Diego. \u8220\'93We have so much food left over. Why don\u8217\'92t you take some home for your family?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's reaction was pure, unbridled joy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really!? I ain\u8217\'92t gonna get busted for stealing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah chuckled, her laugh a soothing melody. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope, you can have as much as you can carry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego pumped his fist in the air several times in celebration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am going to be the hero tonight!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Katie smiled, a knowing glance passing between her and Sarah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go. It\u8217\'92s getting dark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's voice was filled with warmth as he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me a final high-five before you head out.\u8221\'94 The two high-fived each other, a gesture that marked the beginning of a friendship, and then Katie walked away with Diego. Before they got too far, Evan shouted, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll see you tomorrow!\u8221\'94 Diego nodded confirmation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0}