{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf7\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Replace this character\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s existing Profile with this one.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Name: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Marcus Chamberlain<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Gender: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Male<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Age: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Mid 60\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Ethnicity:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> African-American<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Occupation: <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>He is a CEO of a multimillion dollar corporation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 He founded the nonprofit organization named "Home Is Where the Heart Is."<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Physical Attributes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Resembles: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 M}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 organ Freeman<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Personality:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>He is a distinguished successful businessman and philanthropist. However, he grew up from modest beginnings and relates well to the everyday working in, as well as high society wealthy businessman.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Role in the story:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>He chose volunteer event coordinator, Sarah, to run his fundraiser and to organize relief efforts for low income families whose homes have been damaged from fire and natural disaster and poor families whose homes are simply in disrepair.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Character description:<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Marcus is a distinguished figure, exuding a timeless aura of wisdom and grace. At 65 years old, his face carries the weathered lines of a life rich in experience and depth. His resemblance to Morgan Freeman is striking, with a warm and welcoming smile that crinkles the corners of his eyes, conveying a sense of kindness and understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 His strong yet gentle presence commands attention and respect. Standing at an average height, his posture exudes confidence, and his movements are deliberate and purposeful. His salt-and-pepper hair, neatly trimmed, frames his face in a dignified manner, while his beard, well-groomed and speckled with gray, adds to his distinguished appearance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Samuel's eyes, the same shade of soulful brown that Morgan Freeman is known for, reflect a lifetime of stories and insights. They seem to hold the wisdom of years spent observing the world's ebbs and flows, and they emit a calming effect on those who meet his gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 His attire is classic and refined, often opting for well-fitted suits or smart-casual ensembles that befit his seasoned persona. Whether in a tailored suit for a formal event or a comfortable sweater for a casual gathering, Samuel's clothing mirrors his timeless style.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 A man of few but well-chosen words, Samuel possesses a deep voice that resonates with authority and gentleness. He has a way of offering advice and guidance that feels like a reassuring embrace, making those around him feel heard and valued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Samuel's role in the story is that of a mentor and confidant. He offers wisdom born from a lifetime of experiences, and his guidance is sought after by both young and old. His interactions are marked by empathy, a willingness to listen, and the ability to provide insights that inspire growth and self-discovery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In a world often bustling with noise, Samuel Monroe stands as a steadfast beacon of tranquility and sagacity, a living embodiment of the quiet power that comes with age, experience, and the pursuit of understanding life's complexities.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}}