{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red217\green149\blue148;\red0\green108\blue175;\red118\green146\blue60;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Sarah stood outside the Thai Garden Restaurant on Kirby }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 Avenue}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 . Through the window, she could see Evan texting on his phone. Sarah felt terrified. Sarah was used to controlling her emotions and actions, yet here she was, feeling incapable of walking away and maintaining her no dating policy. However, even an emotional Sarah was never t}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 ruly }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 out of control. She came with a well-thought-out plan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 Evan waited anxiously, trying to find someone to text to help pass the time. He felt a presence over his shoulder and looked up, then look back to his phone. A second later, he looked back again, realizing it was Sarah.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1> <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Seeing it was Sarah brought a smile to his face. Evan stood up, kissed Sarah. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I almost didn\u8217\'92t recognize you. Did you do all this for me?\u8221\'94}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 [[ Referring to her makeover. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was in the mood to change things up a bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for a change, are you? I hope that bodes well for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Sarah moved her eyes up and to the right, donned a sly grin]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> [[Evan laughed.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go eat!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>When they got to the table, Evan pulled out the seat for Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. You are quite the gentleman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look great! But you know you\u8217\'92d didn\u8217\'92t have to change anything for me. You are beautiful now, you're just as beautiful as when I first laid eyes on you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Server:\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Their server appeared just as Evan finished his complement.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Thai Garden. May I start you off with something to drink?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will have a glass of Pinot Noir\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make that two." <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Sarah and Evan took a few minutes to discuss the menu and were ready to order when their server returned. Evan went with the Spicy Pad Thai, and Sarah settled }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 on }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 the Kao Pai.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was worried you wouldn\u8217\'92t show up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you I always keep my appointments."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was hoping you would think of this as a date and not an appointment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, poor choice of words. Why don\u8217\'92t we start this date off with you telling me a little about yourself?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough. I\u8217\'92m a pretty simple guy. I work as a personal trainer at the gym down the street. I like to play sports, hike, run, bike, anything that gets me outside. I enjoy hanging out with my friends. Anything else you want to know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your major? Are you a good student?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m majoring in software development with a minor in marketing. I guess I\u8217\'92m a good student when I apply myself. At least, that\u8217\'92s what my sister would say. I don\u8217\'92t enjoy being cooped up in a classroom, but I promised her I would maintain at least a 3.0 GPA. That\u8217\'92s how I met you. My grade point average is exactly 3.0, and I thought it would be a good idea to head to the library to study so I wouldn\u8217\'92t disappoint my sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you close to your sister?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but right now, she\u8217\'92s in Chicago, so I don\u8217\'92t get to see her as often as I like. That\u8217\'92s where I\u8217\'92m from. How about you? What\u8217\'92s your story? Where are you from?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I grew up in Seattle, no siblings. I\u8217\'92m a business major with a focus on international trade, a teacher\u8217\'92s assistant, and I am in the running for graduating at the top of our class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking, I get the impression that you could\u8217\'92ve gone to any university you wanted to. Why would you pick the University of Illinois?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah explained<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father owns a multimillion-dollar corporation. He was a self-made man from modest beginnings. He and my mother went to U of I, and our agreement was I would follow in his footsteps, get my undergrad degree here. After graduation, I plan to attend a prestigious East Coast University for my master\u8217\'92s degree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 This plan has the extra benefit of making new contacts in the Midwest and the East Coast. My father stresses how important it is to make as many business contacts as possible.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to work with him after you get your master\u8217\'92s degree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not right away. The idea is to gain experience with a large international corporation, and then in 5 to 7 years, join my father\u8217\'92s company in an executive position. By the time he is ready to retire, I should have enough experience to take over as CEO.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very interesting. Do you have a job?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[Their food arrived, pausing the conversation.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This food looks and smells delicious!\u8221\'94}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> [[Sarah took a bite.]] <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It even tastes better than it looks. Excellent choice of restaurants!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get to come here very often, but I love their food." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Evan said as he ate his meal.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: [[continued their conversation]]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a paying job, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 but }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 I do volunteer as an events coordinator for various nonprofit organizations in the area. During summer breaks, I stay in Chicago and volunteer there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s admirable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 also }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 stresses the importance of philanthropic work. He says it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good to give back to the community and a great way to meet }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 other }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 like-minded people.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That makes sense. What do you do for fun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do nothing for fun per se. However, I go to a lot of business socials, fundraisers, and academic seminars.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess. So you can make more contacts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You find me one-dimensional, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am quite impressed with what you have told me. I like the idea of getting involved with non-}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 profit }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 organizations. It just seems like you should allow some time for fun.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah grinned and reminded Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here with you, aren\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you are! I am happy about that.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[As they continued to eat, Evan and Sarah chitchatted about a variety of subjects. The conversation flowed well, and Sarah surmised Evan was more intelligent than she might have given him credit for. She determined he would make a quality companion and convinced herself it was based on analysis and not physical or emotional attraction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 Sarah ordered a small espresso, while Evan ordered a piece }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 of }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 cheesecake for dessert. Sarah shared her thoughts while Evan ate his dessert.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was wondering if I could make a proposal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A proposal already? We just met." }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>joked Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead; I\u8217\'92m all }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 ears}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since I met you, I have been reconsidering my thoughts on relationships. A relationship is a partnership. I wanted to propose that we form a partnership. In business, it is essential to identify all foreseeable issues before signing an agreement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father taught me it is best to lead with what I have to offer first, and here is what I can provide to this partnership. I can teach you some study techniques to improve your grades with minimal effort. As a romantic partner, I can already tell you\u8217\'92re going to want me to break out of my shell and socialize with your friends and others in my age group. I can\u8217\'92t promise that I will attend every party or social event, but I will accompany you as often as I can, and if there is a particular event that is important to you, I\u8217\'92ll try to attend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As adults in a romantic relationship, I expect there will be some physical intimacy involved. I want to be honest with you here. I am not a virgin, but I am also not very experienced. I have not been on a date since I was 16 years old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are quite attractive, and I am interested in pursuing a physical relationship. I will need you to be patient, as I explore that aspect of myself. I expect you to wait until I am ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan interrupted<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask a question?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah nodded<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 , }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>and Evan continued<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I play softball every Sunday morning. Will you be able to come to my games?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My schedule is usually clear on Sunday mornings. I should be able to make it to many of your games.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Having Sarah at his games was an important point for Evan, evidenced by the excited }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 look }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 on his }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 face}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 .]]  <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Continue with your proposal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: [[continued]]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The most important thing to me is that you understand my academic career comes first. That means no pressuring me to go to parties or spend time together until after I\u8217\'92ve attended to my studies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I attend a lot of formal events. Just as I will attend your social events, I shall expect the same in return. Keep in mind these aren\u8217\'92t frat parties.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think I am, a frat boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to imply that. I just want to let you know you may have to dress up for some of these events. These events will also be a great way for you to make contacts. The more contacts you have, the better chance you will get the job you want when you graduate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we go again with the contacts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just that. I like you. It would honor me to have you by my side at any event. I haven\u8217\'92t been able to stop thinking about you since the moment you kissed me. If we let our relationship develop organically, I may never regain my focus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel the same. You\u8217\'92ve been the only thing on my mind for the last week. I can\u8217\'92t focus any better than you can. There\u8217\'92s something about you that is just so different and so special. It\u8217\'92s like somehow, I }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 already }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 know it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to work out. There\u8217\'92s nothing I want more than to bypass the }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 whole }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 dating phase and call you my girlfriend.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my proposal then. Do you have a counter-proposal?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Evan had no problem with Sarah\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s less than romantic offer and voiced his approval.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No counter-proposal. I\u8217\'92m in total agreement!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: [[laughed]]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father said if they accept your first offer, you offered too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at it from my point of view. You said you would attend my games, you plan to explore your sexuality with me when you\u8217\'92re ready, you are going to hook me up with potential employers, and you can help me get good grades, which will make my sister happy. What more could I ask for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[Sarah put out her hand]] <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So we have a deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way are we sealing this deal with a handshake."<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[What Evan is implying, not so subtly, is that it's time to leave the restaurant because he wants to seal the deal with a kiss.]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 ]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[He called for the check, paid it, and escorted Sarah out of the restaurant.]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}