{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red217\green149\blue148;\red0\green108\blue175;\red118\green146\blue60;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Template:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0160 Sarah & Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s First Date}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Evan}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Thai Garden Restaurant}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Setting: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Tucked away in the heart of a vibrant central Illinois lies an unassuming, yet undeniably modern hair salon. Through the large glass facade, the salon's chic and bustling atmosphere beckons to both casual passersby and dedicated customers alike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Upon crossing the threshold, visitors are met with an airy, open space, replete with the gentle hum of hairdryers, the soft rustle of foil, and the low murmur of friendly conversation. The flooring is a modern marvel, laid out with sleek, polished wooden planks that lend a warm, contemporary touch to the space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 To the right of the entrance, an intimate seating area is neatly arranged. An elegant, tufted couch in a muted gray is flanked by a pair of sleek armchairs. Placed strategically, this area allows Katie to comfortably observe the transformation process<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Exciting, hopeful, anticipatory, friendly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Partly cloudy and nice outside.}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Use the provided scene verbatim, excluding embedded instructions. Adapt and incorporate embedded instructions into the scene as seamlessly as possible while maintaining the original dialogue and narration.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Use the narrative to enhance the existing dialogue, emphasizing character emotions, internal thoughts, and the setting as necessary. However, ensure the dialogue remains the central mechanism for moving the plot forward.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Integrate dialogue tags an action tags at your full discretion. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Remove all speaker labels identified by the character name followed by a colon and a space. Example "Sarah: "}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In this heavy dialogue, keep the characters moving, doing something with their hands \endash  some sort of background activity to keep the scene flowing. I always want my readers to feel like there in the scene, not watching the scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Character Arcs for This Scene: }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Sarah was intent on not making any decisions based on emotion. She came ready to go with the plan that she thought would be a win-win for both of them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It never occurred to her, one way or another, how Evan would respond to her contract negotiation approach. Because to her that was a very normal natural way to handle the situation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like her father taught her, Sarah took control of the negotiations and, in her mind, keep control. While she was thinking Evan was going to negotiate with her, Evan was just amused by the whole thing. There was just something about Sarah that Evan found so unique and so adorable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah was thrown off guard when Evan did not counter her proposal. She never did seem to understand that, he just wants to be with her. All that other stuff that she's worried about doesn't matter at all to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Sarah started the date with the business mindset. As soon as Evan agrees, the energy of the night changes. Now she can relax and just embrace a relationship with Evan. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As will find out in the next scene, the date ends not like business negotiation, but in full romance and sentimentality. Leaving even Sarah shedding happy tears. Which shocks her to her core. But, at least for this night, for the first time she feels like a normal woman. A feeling she never wanted to feel like before, but now feels better than anything she's ever felt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, in this scene we only get a hint of that at the end. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evan's Mark is fairly simple for this scene. Evan "is all" in before Sarah even gets there. He's smitten with her and there is not much she could say that would dissuade him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throughout the dinner Evan is Evan. He liked to joke a lot, he likes to complement Sarah, he treats her well. He adores every word that comes out of her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This would be true no matter what she said. However, Evan actually loves Sarah's approach to this state. He always felt that the whole courtship process was fake. People would treat each other nice until they got what they wanted and they would start taking each other for granted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Sarah's business-style contract negotiation approach to starting a relationship would send most men running for the hills. Evan thinks it's a great idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starting a relationship on the same page. Skipping the whole fake recording process. Instead, just lay everything on the table at the beginning. He wondered why our relationships shouldn't start this way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He starts the date ready to be in relationship with Sarah, and ends the date glad that he's in a relationship with Sarah. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Draft Scene:}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[This is the one and only time that this location will be the setting in the story. Whenever I introduce a new location, I like to start the scene off with a description as the characters enter the scene. Use the "Setting: " marker in this template for a detailed description.]]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 [[Sarah stood outside the Thai Garden Restaurant on Kirby Avenue. Through the window, she could see Evan texting on his phone. Sarah felt terrified. Sarah was used to controlling her emotions and actions, yet here she was, feeling incapable of walking away and maintaining her no dating policy. However, even an emotional Sarah was never truly out of control. She came with a well-thought-out plan.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 Evan waited anxiously, trying to find someone to text to help pass the time. He felt a presence over his shoulder and looked up, then look back to his phone. A second later, he looked back again, realizing it was Sarah.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2> <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Seeing it was Sarah brought a smile to his face. Evan stood up, kissed Sarah. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I almost didn\u8217\'92t recognize you. Did you do all this for me?\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 [[ Referring to her makeover. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was in the mood to change things up a bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for a change, are you? I hope that bodes well for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Sarah moved her eyes up and to the right, donned a sly grin]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> [[Evan laughed.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go eat!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[When they got to the table, Evan pulled out the seat for Sarah.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. You are quite the gentleman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look great! But you know you\u8217\'92d didn\u8217\'92t have to change anything for me. You are beautiful now, you're just as beautiful as when I first laid eyes on you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Server:\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Their server appeared just as Evan finished his complement.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Thai Garden. May I start you off with something to drink?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'll have a glass of Pinot Noir\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make that two." <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Sarah and Evan took a few minutes to discuss the menu and were ready to order when their server returned. Evan went with the Spicy Pad Thai, and Sarah settled on the Kao Pai.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was worried you wouldn\u8217\'92t show up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you I always keep my appointments."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was hoping you would think of this as a date and not an appointment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, poor choice of words. Why don\u8217\'92t we start this date off with you telling me a little about yourself?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan:  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 "Now, are you looking for my full r\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9sum\u233\'E9, complete with professional references, or just a summary of my many academic achievements?"}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah's eyes sparkled as she caught the joke. Even though it was a playful jab at her, she found it endearing. His sense of humor put her at ease. ]]}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 [[ Sarah laughed ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 "Ha ha, you're so funny! I promise, no more r\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9sum\u233\'E9 recitations. Let's stick to the topics that are normally disclosed on a first date."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  "Deal," he said, his voice tinged with genuine enthusiasm. "Let's make this a night to remember."}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah's heart gave a little leap, and a warm, pleasurable sensation spread through her. She was beginning to feel truly comfortable with him, and the night seemed full of promise. With a smile, she reached out and clinked her glass to his, toasting to the sentiment. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 "Well, I'm a pretty simple guy. I work as a personal trainer at the gym down the street. I like to play sports, hike, run, bike, anything that gets me outside. I enjoy hanging out with my friends. Anything else you want to know?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you close to your sister?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but right now, she\u8217\'92s in Chicago, so I don\u8217\'92t get to see her as often as I like. That\u8217\'92s where I\u8217\'92m from. How about you? What\u8217\'92s your story? Where are you from?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I grew up in Seattle, no siblings. I\u8217\'92m a business major with a focus on international trade, a teacher\u8217\'92s assistant, and I'm in the running for graduating at the top of our class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking, I get the impression that you could\u8217\'92ve gone to any university you wanted to. Why would you pick the University of Illinois?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father owns a multimillion-dollar corporation. He was a self-made man from modest beginnings. He and my mother went to U of I, and our agreement was I would follow in his footsteps, get my Bachelor\u8217\'92s degree here. After graduation, I plan to attend a prestigious East Coast University for my master\u8217\'92s degree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 This plan has the extra benefit of making new contacts in the Midwest and the East Coast. My father stresses how important it is to make as many business contacts as possible.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to work with him after you get your master\u8217\'92s degree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not right away. The idea is to gain experience with a large international corporation, and then in 5 to 7 years, join my father\u8217\'92s company in an executive position. By the time he is ready to retire, I should have enough experience to take over as CEO.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very interesting. Do you have a job?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[Their food arrived, pausing the conversation.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This food looks and smells delicious!\u8221\'94}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> [[Sarah took a bite.]] <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It even tastes better than it looks. Excellent choice of restaurants!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get to come here very often, but I love their food." }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Evan said as he ate his meal.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[continued their conversation]] <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a paying job, but I do volunteer as an events coordinator for various nonprofit organizations in the area. During summer breaks, I stay in Chicago and volunteer there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s admirable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father also stresses the importance of philanthropic work. He says it\u8217\'92s good to give back to the community and a great way to meet other like-minded people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That makes sense. What do you do for fun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do nothing for fun per se. However, I go to a lot of business socials, fundraisers, and academic seminars.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess. So you can make more contacts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You find me one-dimensional, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'm quite impressed with what you have told me. I like the idea of getting involved with non-profit organizations. It just seems like you should allow some time for fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah:: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ grinned and reminded Evan ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here with you, aren\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you are! I'm happy about that.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[As they continued to eat, Evan and Sarah chitchatted about a variety of subjects. The conversation flowed well, and Sarah surmised Evan was more intelligent than she might have given him credit for. She determined he would make a quality companion and convinced herself it was based on analysis and not physical or emotional attraction.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 Sarah ordered a small espresso, while Evan ordered a piece of cheesecake for dessert. Sarah shared her thoughts while Evan ate his dessert.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was wondering if I could make a proposal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A proposal already? We just met." }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>joked Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead; I\u8217\'92m all ears.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since I met you, I have been reconsidering my thoughts on relationships. A relationship is a partnership. I wanted to propose that we form a partnership. In business, it is essential to identify all foreseeable issues before signing an agreement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father taught me it is best to lead with what I have to offer first, and here is what I can provide to this partnership. I can teach you some study techniques to improve your grades with minimal effort. As a romantic partner, I can already tell you\u8217\'92re going to want me to break out of my shell and socialize with your friends and others in my age group. I can\u8217\'92t promise that I'll attend every party or social event, but I'll accompany you as often as I can, and if there is a particular event that is important to you, I\u8217\'92ll try to attend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As adults in a romantic relationship, I expect there will be some physical intimacy involved. I want to be honest with you here. I'm not a virgin, but I'm also not very experienced. I haven't been on a date since I was 16 years old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are quite attractive, and I'm interested in pursuing a physical relationship. I'll need you to be patient, as I explore that aspect of myself. I expect you to wait until I'm ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan interrupted<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask a question?\u8221\'94 }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Sarah nodded, and Evan continued]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I play softball every Sunday morning. Will you be able to come to my games?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My schedule is usually clear on Sunday mornings. I should be able to make it to many of your games.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Having Sarah at his games was an important point for Evan, evidenced by the excited look on his face.]]  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Continue with your proposal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[continued]] <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The most important thing to me is that you understand my academic career comes first. That means no pressuring me to go to parties or spend time together until after I\u8217\'92ve attended to my studies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I attend a lot of formal events. Just as I'll attend your social events, I shall expect the same in return. Keep in mind these aren\u8217\'92t frat parties.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think I'm, a frat boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to imply that. I just want to let you know you may have to dress up for some of these events. These events will also be a great way for you to make contacts. The more contacts you have, the better chance you will get the job you want when you graduate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we go again with the contacts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just that. I like you. It would honor me to have you by my side at any event. I haven\u8217\'92t been able to stop thinking about you since the moment you kissed me. If we let our relationship develop organically, I may never regain my focus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel the same. You\u8217\'92ve been the only thing on my mind for the last week. I can\u8217\'92t focus any better than you can. There\u8217\'92s something about you that is just so different and so special. It\u8217\'92s like somehow, I already know it\u8217\'92s going to work out. There\u8217\'92s nothing I want more than to bypass the whole dating phase and call you my girlfriend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my proposal then. Do you have a counter-proposal?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Evan had no problem with Sarah\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s less than romantic offer and voiced his approval.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::4> <!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No counter-proposal. I\u8217\'92m in total agreement!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[laughed]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father said if they accept your first offer, you offered too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at it from my point of view. You said you would attend my games, you plan to explore your sexuality with me when you\u8217\'92re ready, you are going to hook me up with potential employers, and you can help me get good grades, which will make my sister happy. What more could I ask for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Sarah put out her hand for a handshake.]] <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So we have a deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way are we sealing this deal with a handshake."<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[What Evan is implying, not so subtly, is that it's time to leave the restaurant because he wants to seal the deal with a kiss.]]}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 [[He called for the check, paid it, and escorted Sarah out of the restaurant.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}