{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The elevator seemed to crawl upward, each floor a tick of the clock, counting down the moments to her inevitable reckoning. When the doors finally opened, Sarah took a deep breath and stepped out. The short walk to her parents' penthouse suite was a long mental journey, retracing the steps that had led her to this emotional crossroads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 She paused before knocking, steeling herself. The door swung open almost immediately, revealing her father's stern expression and her mother's softer, yet equally disappointed face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Come in, Sarah," her father said, his voice carrying the weight of unspoken judgments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 She entered the room and hesitated, her eyes meeting her mother's before finally resting on the panoramic view of the city. The skyline, with its twinkling lights, seemed so settled in its grand design, contrasting sharply with the turmoil in her soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Please, have a seat," her father gestured toward a chair, his voice a study in controlled emotion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 She sat, feeling the room close in on her, a courtroom of plush carpets and expensive upholstery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "We had an agreement, Sarah. Your mother and I have been supporting your journey, understanding that you had certain aspirations," her father began.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah felt her eyes sting. Aspirations she had once wholly shared with them. But then Evan had happened, turning her well-laid plans into questions rather than certainties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "That was the plan, Dad," she found herself saying, her voice tinged with a sadness she hadn't expected. "I know, but--"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "But what? You're suddenly engaged and planning to move to Chicago? Do you understand what that means for your future?" Her father's words were more pleading than accusing, a note of desperate confusion in his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Her mother softly interjected, "You've worked hard, and an Ivy League school is just the start. That's always been your dream, too, hasn't it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>It was my dream, and maybe it still is.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  But love--her love for Evan--had complicated the clarity of that dream. Sarah's eyes moved from one parent to the other, finally resting on her father.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Choices have consequences," he said, his tone resolute. "If you follow this new path with Evan, you'll do it without our financial support. You have one month to decide."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>One month to choose not just between Evan and my former life, but also between two versions of myself. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 A new Sarah, molded by love, and an older one, crafted from years of shared dreams and parental expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I need to think," she managed to say, standing up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Her father also rose, nodding solemnly. "Take the time you need, within this next month."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Exiting the room felt like stepping out of one world and into another, as if the door behind her had sealed off a chamber of her past. Now, standing in the hallway, Sarah realized that her life had reached a precipice, a moment of daunting choices and irrevocable changes.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}