{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stood under the dreary clouds, a gray blanket unfurling across the morning sky. The location, the same place where he and Sarah first kissed, filled him with a sense of hopeful anticipation. It was Friday, the day after the unforgettable kiss, and he found himself drawn back, a hopeful pilgrim to a shrine of his own making.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He oscillated between hope and disappointment like a pendulum, his heart racing every time a blonde head appeared in his peripheral vision or the doors to the undergrad library swung open. Yet, each time, it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t her. The figure would solidify into a stranger, and the library doors would admit someone else, causing his heart to drop in his chest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the minutes turned into hours, the weather started to mirror his gloom. The rain began, a soft drizzle that escalated steadily, soaking through his jacket. He darted between trees and awnings, attempting to stay dry, but he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stray far from his post. His need for a direct view of the library doors and the place of their first kiss kept him exposed to the elements. The rain, initially a light mist, grew heavier, each drop echoing his mounting despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Two hours into his vigil, the figure of Guido appeared. His friend stood next to him, huddled in his own jacket, his eyebrows raised in inquiry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No luck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan lowered his gaze, his voice barely audible against the patter of the rain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I haven\u8217\'92t seen her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido clapped a hand on his shoulder, his gruff voice breaking through Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reverie. \u8220\'93Sorry, bro. Don\u8217\'92t stress it. There are plenty of fish in the sea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to fish in the sea. She\u8217\'92s the only one for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever consider, bro, that maybe she didn\u8217\'92t show up because she has a boyfriend?\u8221\'94 Guido turned to Evan, a pragmatic expression etched on his face..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just can\u8217\'92t see it, Guido.\u8221\'94 Evan shook his head, his expression thoughtful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve said she\u8217\'92s a stunner, right?\u8221\'94 Guido arched a questioning eyebrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes softened, his voice quiet. \u8220\'93She transcends stunning. Her face... it\u8217\'92s angelic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then isn\u8217\'92t it possible some other dude\u8217\'92s claimed that angel for himself?\u8221\'94 Guido pointed out, punctuating his words with a slight shrug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe she would\u8217\'92ve kissed me if so. But there\u8217\'92s something more...\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s gaze drifted off, lost in memory. \u8220\'93The way she looked at me, something in her eyes, it felt like... like she was meant to be mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido, bemused by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impassioned response, ribbed him further. \u8220\'93Man, what\u8217\'92s so spectacular about this girl? She packin\u8217\'92 triple D\u8217\'92s or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan halted, throwing Guido a pointed look. His tone sharpened, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido, knock it off. She\u8217\'92s not just some random girl. She\u8217\'92s exceptional. Show some respect, dude!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido raised his hands defensively, a grin still pulling at his lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright,\u8221\'94 he said, chuckling slightly. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t mean to ruffle your feathers. My bad.\u8221\'94 He stepped back slightly, folding his arms across his chest, his fingers tapping a playful beat against his biceps. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get you, dude. You got women lined up to be with you, and you\u8217\'92re stressing over a girl whose name you don\u8217\'92t know? You should adopt my style \endash  no strings attached, no drama.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, and no hope for love,\u8221\'94 Evan retorted, his voice heavy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido chuckled again, but his tone was softer, almost affectionate. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My friend, ever the hopeless romantic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan sighed, frustration creeping into his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a hopeless romantic. I\u8217\'92m just... I\u8217\'92m just...just\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He trailed off, unable to find the words. After a moment, he added, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what I am. I just know that I have to see my Cinderella again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido patted his back again, a grin spreading across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s leave the matching glass slipper search for another day. Come on, let\u8217\'92s head back to our place. We\u8217\'92ll knock down a few beers and watch baseball. The Cubs actually have a chance for the playoffs this year!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words seemed to echo in the void around Evan, but they didn\u8217\'92t seem to stir him from his spot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido persisted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll feel a lot better with a cold brew in your hand and a Cubs victory on the TV. I\u8217\'92ll tell you what, after the game, we\u8217\'92ll try to figure a way to get her name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Still, Evan remained silent, a statue against the rain and gloom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s joking tone made a comeback, \u8220\'93How hard can it be to find the most beautiful girl on campus?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 That finally managed to pull a small smile from Evan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you\u8217\'92re right. I\u8217\'92ll bump into her sooner or later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido nodded, giving Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder one last squeeze. \u8220\'93Exactly! Let\u8217\'92s chill at home, and we\u8217\'92ll scour the Internet when the game is over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido started back towards their home, his voice trailing behind him, still filled with humor and lightness. Evan followed, but his steps were slow, reluctant. As the rain continued to fall, mingling with the sadness in his eyes, he cast one last lingering glance at the library doors. The weight of disappointment hung heavy in his chest, a dull ache that seemed to echo the emptiness of the deserted path where he had once found love, however fleeting.}}