{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Certainly! If Evan doesn't want to come across as too harsh, he could respond more lightly, but still assert his point, such as:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido: "Not to be a downer, bro, but have you considered that maybe she didn't show because she's seeing someone?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan: "Not a chance, Guido."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido: "Well, you keep saying she's a knock-out, right?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan: "Beyond a knock-out. She's ethereal."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido: "Then what makes you think some other guy hasn't already claimed that ethereal beauty?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan: "She wouldn't have kissed me if she was with someone else. And it's not just that. The way she looked at me, there was something in her eyes that told me she was interested in me, and only me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido found himself surprised by the intensity of Evan's emotions. "Man, what's so special about this girl? She's got some secret charm or something?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan halted, his gaze hardening as he looked at Guido, a sternness to his voice. "Enough, Guido. She's not just 'this girl'. She's different, she's unique. Let's maintain some respect here, alright?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Guido: "I hate to bring this up, but maybe she didn't show because she has a boyfriend."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "No way dude."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Guido: "You said she's beautiful, didn't you?" }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "She's been on beautiful. She has the face of an angel."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Guido: "the why don't you think some dude snagged that Angel?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I don't think she would kissed me. But it's more than that. Something in her eyes, the way she looked at me said she was mine."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Guido had never witnessed Evan respond to a woman with such intensity. "Dude, what's so great about this chick? She got three boobs or something?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan paused, glancing at Guido, a slight edge to his voice. "Guido, that's enough, man. She's not just some girl. She's special. Let's keep it classy, okay?"}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}