{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs26\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0140 Sarah Asks Katie For Help}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Katie}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Classroom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Frantic}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Not relevant for this scene}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please revise and enhance this scene, but prioritize preserving my original dialogue and structure as much as possible. I'm particularly interested in maintaining the authentic voice of my characters and the specific flow of the conversation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please ensure the scene is not dominated by dialogue. Integrate some narrative description and action into the dialogue to add depth and create a more dynamic scene. Avoid having many lines of dialogue without any breaks in between. Keep the characters 'doing' things while they're talking, making the scene more lively and engaging.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li260\fi-11\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The students of Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Business 101 course were busy taking their exams. Sarah placed a folded note on the desk of one of her brightest students, Katie Andrews. The message read, Can you meet me after class?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie Andrews is bubbly. She had pink highlights in her hair and always had a smile on her face. She was always quick to make a friend. At the end of class, Katie waited for all the other students to leave and then walked up to Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk ex.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, Ms. Wilkins. What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94 Katie asked.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 4.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for meeting with me. I\u8217\'92ve always admired your style, even though it\u8217\'92s different from mine. I have a first date tonight and want to look appropriate for the evening. I haven\u8217\'92t been on a date in a while, and I\u8217\'92m unsure what to wear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 5.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d love to help!\u8221\'94 said an excited Katie. \u8220\'93Are we talking wardrobe only or full makeover?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 6.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah pondered for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you think is best.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 7.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really! Oh my gosh, Ms. Wilkins, I would love to do a full makeover! The other girls are going to be so jealous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 8.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Sarah asked.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 9.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In this class, it\u8217\'92s every girl\u8217\'92s fantasy to do a makeover on you, and it\u8217\'92s every boy\u8217\'92s fantasy that by day you are a stuffy, uptight teacher, but at night you\u8217\'92re a sexy vixen.\u8221\'94 Katie let out a quick laugh and then said, \u8220\'93Oh no, I hope that didn\u8217\'92t sound offensive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 10.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not offended; I understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 11.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What time is your date?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 12.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s at 7 PM at the Thai Garden Restaurant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 13.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard that place has great food! Do you live off-campus?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 14.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I have an apartment about 10 minutes away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 15.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a car. Can you pick me up by the freshman dorms in about an hour?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 16.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be there,\u8221\'94 confirmed Sarah as she gave Katie a business card with her cell phone number on it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 17.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great! I can\u8217\'92t wait.\u8221\'94 Katie said enthusiastically and then gave Sarah a big hug. \u8220\'93If we are going to be friends, I\u8217\'92d like to call you by your first name. Would that be okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 18.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, my name is Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}