{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green135\blue216;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Late afternoon had settled into a gray, frigid embrace as Sarah's Audi Sedan sped north on I-57 Highway. Christmas melodies filled the car, the notes dancing in the air, intertwining with Evan's cheerful humming. Evan's eyes sparkled, mirroring the decorated houses that flashed by the window as he drove. He was in his element, surrounded by Christmas, his favorite holiday, and the woman he loved deeply, Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Beside him, Sarah worked with determination, her laptop keys tapping a staccato beat to a symphony of responsibilities. A long list of benefactors awaited her call. Two separate New Year's Eve parties begged for her attention. And yet, the pull of Evan's joy, the sweetness of his holiday spirit, tugged at her heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He sensed something was wrong, the happiness in his eyes overshadowed by concern. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Is everything alright?"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  he asked, his voice filled with genuine worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She looked up, a smile plastered on her face, but it didn't reach her eyes. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just work \endash  nothing to be worried about."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But he did worry, and as they continued to drive, the silence between them grew, filled with unspoken words and conflicting priorities. Evan reached over and gently squeezed her hand and reminded her, }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"You know, Sarah, you promised to leave work behind once we get to Liz's."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She looked up, meeting his eyes, and nodded silently. The sincerity in his eyes made her feel guilty, but she couldn't shake the nagging feeling that she was neglecting her duties. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>He loves Christmas so much,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, forcing a smile as Evan turned to her, his eyes filled with excitement.}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> And I love him, so I'll make the best of this trip.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Evan, tell me again about the movie you're keeping a secret?" <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 she asked, attempting to engage in his excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's grin widened, and he winked. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Now, if I told you that, it wouldn't be a surprise, would it? Trust me, Sarah, you're going to love it!"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's smile strained slightly, her thoughts drifting back to her work. The cold, gray day outside seemed to echo her feelings. The excitement of the holiday season was lost on her as her responsibilities as an event coordinator weighed heavily. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Marcus is depending on me. I have to get this right,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, her mind consumed by phone calls to make and parties to be planned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They continued driving, Evan chattering about his sister Liz, her boyfriend Joe, and the traditions he cherished. Sarah listened half-heartedly, her mind drifting between Evan's words and the projects that awaited her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's enthusiasm remained undeterred. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"I can't wait for you to meet Liz!" <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 he said, his eyes bright. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"And our surprise Christmas present. She is going to love it!"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's grin widened.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> "Let's make a quick stop,"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  he suggested. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"We've got some time."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She hesitated for a moment.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> "Sure, why not," <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 she said, offering him a small smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan took a detour to a neighborhood famous for holiday decorations. Reluctantly, Sarah closed her laptop and gazed out the window, feigning interest in the twinkling lights and festive ornaments. Evan pointed out the most elaborate displays as they drove through the illuminated streets. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Check out that house!"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  he exclaimed, his voice brimming with childlike wonder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah nodded, her gaze drifting from the decorations to Evan's face.}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2> They are beautiful, but there's so much to do,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, her mind betraying her attempt to enjoy the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Finally, they arrived at Liz's apartment complex, the anticipation in Evan's eyes unmistakable. He practically leaped out of the car, his enthusiasm infectious as he grabbed their luggage and gifts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah lingered, the warmth of the car a stark contrast to the cold outside. Her mind was still on her laptop, her thoughts a whirlwind of tasks and expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned in for a loving kiss as they grabbed their luggage and gifts, but Sarah pulled away quickly, mumbling something about the cold. But It wasn't the cold weather or lack of affection that caused her detachment. It was her difficulty in letting go of her professional obligations and engaging wholeheartedly in the moment with Evan. Her heart ached with a mix of longing and frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Confusion flickered in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes when Sarah pulled back, his worry building. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Are you okay, Sarah?"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  he asked, his voice tinged with concern. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"You seem a bit off."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She glanced away, her mind a whirl of thoughts. }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Work. Love. Time with Evan. Why can't I balance it all?<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"No, no, I'm fine,"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she said, but her voice lacked conviction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's brows furrowed, and he took her hand, his touch gentle and caring. "}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Are you nervous about meeting Liz?"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  he asked, his eyes searching her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The question snapped Sarah out of her work mode, pulling her back to the present. She looked into Evan's eyes, filled with genuine concern, and realized how significant this moment was for him. A wave of understanding washed over her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"No, Evan, I'm not nervous at all,"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she said with a gentle smile.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> "I was just... my mind was elsewhere for a moment. But I'm here now. Sorry about that. I'm excited to meet Liz and her boyfriend. I promise to break from thinking about work."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's face softened, and his smile returned, though a hint of uncertainty lingered. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"I just want you to enjoy this trip with me. Liz is going to love you."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah squeezed his hand, her eyes filled with sincerity.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> "I'm already enjoying it, and I'm sure I'll love Liz too."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They stood at Liz's door, a hint of concern still visible in Evan's eyes. Now present and engaged in the moment, Sarah recognized that her words alone wouldn't be enough. Evan needed something tangible, a sign that she was indeed with him. With a soft smile, she leaned in and gave him the gentle, loving kiss he had expected earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The concern in Evan's eyes melted away, replaced by a warmth that reassured Sarah she'd done the right thing. Now, all was right in Evan's world. Hand in hand, they turned to face the door, ready to knock and begin a new chapter in their shared journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah was about to knock when a frightening thought popped into her head. She turned to Evan, her expression dead serious. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Am I going to have to wear an ugly Christmas sweater?"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's laughter erupted, a hearty sound that could have rivaled even Santa's. He grinned at her, his eyes sparkling with amusement.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> "You have nothing to worry about. I wouldn't be caught dead in one of those things,"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  he declared, his voice a mix of seriousness and amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's tense shoulders relaxed, and she let out a slow, almost imperceptible exhale. Her eyes softened, and a small, genuine smile tugged at the corners of her lips. With relief evident in her entire being, she murmured, }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Thank God!"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With her heart still settling from her manic moment, the amusement in Evan's eyes was contagious, and Sarah found herself amused by her own overblown fear.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> "I can't believe I freaked out over something as ridiculous as an ugly Christmas sweater," <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 she said to Evan, her voice tinged with self-mockery. Sarah was relieved and ready to meet Liz, her anxiety replaced with anticipation. That was, until the door opened before she even had the chance to knock.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}