{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \li960\fi-667\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Please ensure the scene is not dominated by dialogue. Integrate some narrative description and action into the dialogue to add depth and create a more dynamic scene. Avoid having many lines of dialogue without any breaks in between. Keep the characters 'doing' things while they're talking, making the scene more lively and engaging.}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Please revise and enhance this scene, but prioritize preserving my original dialogue and structure as much as possible. I'm particularly interested in maintaining the authentic voice of my characters and the specific flow of the conversation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Please revise and enhance this scene, but prioritize preserving my original dialogue and structure as much as possible. While the narrative description is important for setting the scene and expressing the characters' internal thoughts, I prefer a heavier emphasis on dialogue to carry the scene forward. Allow the characters' words and interactions to reveal their personalities and the nuances of the situation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0}