{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Template:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0145 Wardrobe Check}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Katie}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apartment}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Exciting, hopeful, anticipatory, friendly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Partly cloudy and nice outside.}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Rewrite this at your discretion, noting the instructions I embedded in the scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The anticipation in Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment was palpable. Cloud-filtered sunlight spilled through the windows, casting an encouraging glow on the room. With a swing of her arm, Sarah revealed the contents of her bedroom closet to Katie. It was an organized array, divided into clear categories: business attire, formal dresses, and a rather underpopulated section of casual clothes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes widened at the sight of the designer dresses hanging with an air of elegance. "Are these designer?" she gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah nodded, a smile lighting up her face. "Yes, they are."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "They're stunning but a tad too much for tonight's date. Do you wear these often?" Katie asked, her fingers tracing the smooth fabric of a crimson gown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "All the time," Sarah responded, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. "My father believes in contributing to the community. It's also a great networking strategy and looks impressive on a resume. I coordinate events for various nonprofits in the area, and almost every week, I attend a fundraiser or a business social."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's brows raised in surprise. "I never knew you led such an interesting life. But for tonight, these dresses won't do. We need to head to the mall for the perfect outfit. And I'm not letting you go shopping dressed like a corporate executive." Katie chuckled, pulling a pair of jeans and a top from the casual section and tossing them towards Sarah. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Do you have contacts?" Katie asked, as Sarah caught the clothes deftly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Yes, I do," Sarah confirmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Great! Change into these, put your contacts in, and trade that bun for a ponytail. Do you have a Facebook account?" Katie continued, her energy infectious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [[Have Katie explain to Sarah (and our readers) that she wants to look at Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Facebook to get a sense of how Sarah looks in different dresses and colors. If you want to add more, you can have Katie say something like, "We are in a bit of a time crunch, so the more I know now, the better."]]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I do, yes," Sarah replied, slightly taken aback by Katie's whirlwind of commands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Do you mind if I browse while you get ready? " }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah shrugged. "Sure. You can log in using the laptop on the table."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With Sarah's approval, Katie went to the dining room, leaving Sarah to change. Her transformation began as Sarah swapped her glasses for contacts and her skirt suit for jeans and a T-shirt. By the time she emerged from her room, her hair in a loose ponytail, she looked like a different person. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Immersed in Sarah's Facebook profile, Katie looked up and audibly gasped. "Wow, Sarah. What a difference a few simple changes can make. You look great!" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah blushed under the compliment, feeling her confidence buoyed by her friend's words. "Thanks, Katie," she responded, her voice soft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [[Add a comment by Katie, saying something like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But we are going to make you look even greater than great and hotter than hot! Evan won\u8217\'92t know what hit him.\u8221\'94 You have complete discretion  in your response.]] }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The air around them crackled with the prospect of what was to come. Their shared anticipation for the forthcoming shopping spree makeover painted broad, excited smiles on their faces.}}