{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Under the soft afterglow of a fading sunset, Evan found himself lost in a tender moment with Sarah, their lips meeting in a gentle, lingering kiss. The world around them seemed to pause, save for a voice calling from a distance. It was Guido, impatiently nagging his friend, "Yo Evan. Come on, let's go. We have a fridge full of beer at home calling our names."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The voice was a mere ripple in Evan's contentment, a fond annoyance that nudged him back to reality. Reluctantly, he pulled back from Sarah's lips, their eyes meeting in mutual understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "The Guido is beckoning you," Sarah said with a soft chuckle, her eyes filled with warmth and humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's laughter mingled with hers, a shared moment of levity in their burgeoning love. "I suppose it's time to break the bad news."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'll leave you to it. Thank you again for sacrificing your softball game to help us out," Sarah said, her voice laced with appreciation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm happy to do it," Evan reassured her, his gaze holding hers as Guido's voice filtered through the background. "Meet you in your office in about an hour?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah agreed, gave Evan a quick kiss goodbye, and headed to the onsite mobile office. Her footsteps were light, and she turned back once, her eyes still shining with joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm coming, I'm coming," he called, annoyance briefly flaring at Guido's repeated shouting. But as he approached his friends, Evan's eyes were drawn to Patti. Her face, usually bright and animated, looked strained and stressed. Something was wrong, a hidden turmoil that tugged at Evan's heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As he neared, the unspoken question hung in the air, a cloud of uncertainty that hinted at challenges yet to come. The evening's chill seemed to creep in, and Evan felt a sudden, inexplicable shiver of apprehension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With the exception of Patti, the group of friends let out a collective moan and groan as Evan broke the news.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sorry, guys. I'm gonna stay and work another hour or two and then head back with Sarah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, always the quick wit, added his own touch of humor, "Come on, guys. Let's leave Captain America alone to save the world."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The disappointed group dispersed, leaving only Roxanne and Patti behind. Roxanne exchanged some quiet words with Patti, a smirk tugging at her lips. Patti's demeanor was different; a mixture of determination and uncertainty as she turned to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Patti," he greeted, his eyebrows raised in silent inquiry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti hesitated, then took a deep breath, gathering her courage. "Evan, can we talk?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his curiosity piqued. "Sure, what's on your mind?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti's gaze shifted nervously to the ground before meeting Evan's eyes. "It's about Sarah," she began carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's brow furrowed in confusion. "What about her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti hesitated again, her emotions warring within her. "Some of the guys are...concerned about your relationship with her," she admitted hesitantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's irritation flared, his defenses rising. "What do you mean, concerned?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti met his gaze directly, her voice earnest. "They're worried she's changing you, that you're skipping games and spending all your time with her. They think you're...losing yourself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's frustration surged, his tone growing sharper. "Are you kidding me? They have a problem with me being happy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti held up a placating hand. "Evan, it's not that simple. They care about you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Seems like they care more about their idea of who I should be," he retorted, his anger simmering beneath the surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti sighed, her eyes filled with empathy. "I know you care about her a lot, but Evan, you need to make sure you're not neglecting other things that matter to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's jaw clenched, his emotions in turmoil. He took a deep breath, his anger slowly giving way to reflection. "Patti, I appreciate your concern, but this is my life, my choice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti's expression softened, her concern genuine. "I know, Evan. I just don't want to see you hurt."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's anger ebbed, replaced by a mix of emotions. He reached out, placing a hand on Patti's shoulder. "I know you're looking out for me, and I value that. But I need you to trust that I can make my own decisions."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti nodded, a small smile touching her lips. "Okay, Evan. Just remember, I'm here for you, no matter what."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan squeezed her shoulder in gratitude. "I know, Patti. And I'm grateful for that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "Evan, I'm sorry for questioning your choice. It's not my place, and I trust you know what you're doing. I want you to know that I'll stand by you, and I'll talk to the rest of the group. I'll encourage them to support you and Sarah's relationship just as I will do from now on. We're friends, and friends support each other, no matter what." Her words were sincere, and Evan felt a weight lift off his shoulders as he thanked her. Patti's smile was warm as she headed back to her car, leaving Evan with a newfound sense of assurance and comfort.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}