{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah Contemplates Her Future<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 2: Middle of the Scene}
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\i1\cf6 [ The middle of the scene is mostly Sarah thinking to herself. Knowing her decision, but struggled to understand why she can't execute it. Struggling to understand why cannot she commit to a specific path. When you write the scene use deep POV include internal dialogue since Sarah is the only one sitting in the multipurpose room adjacent to the grand ballroom.  ]}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\i1\cf6 [ Below is a list of thoughts in Sarah's head, free feel free to use them, rearrange them, and word them in whatever way you need to to create a compelling middle part of the scene.  ] }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah's thoughts:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah had decided a month ago that she was going to return to her original plan. She already decided which school she was going to go to. They had offered her a full scholarship, everything was set. But every time she wanted to speak to Evan about it, she chickened out. She didn't know what to say She didn't know if it meant the end of the relationship. She was surprised Evan didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t bring up the subject about the future. It seemed so easy for him to be carefree and laws a fair about everything. Who knows, maybe he was afraid to talk about the future as well.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 What Sarah was certain about was that Chicago was Evan's one and only. He had made plenty of connections working with her on her nonprofit projects. But Evan only applied for jobs in the Chicago area. While there are several good schools in the Chicago area, none of them met the criteria laid out by her and her father prior to college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Even if she did choose to get her Masters at a college near Chicago, what would happen when she graduated? Evan is not going to leave the city he knows, the sports teams he loves, and a sister he adores. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 A sister who plans on popping out little nieces and nephews as soon as she can. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah decided there is no point in waiting two years to make a decision. Now is the best time for everyone, and there was really only one choice to make. As much as she loved Evan, she was not ready to throw away a lifetime worth of plans.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 But every time she got to that point of confidence, she asked herself why had she not committed to the college. They granted her extension after extension to make a decision. All she had to do was sign on the dotted line. But she couldn't do that until she talked to Evan, and she did not know how to talk to Evan. She was not ready to let go, even know she knew that's what had to be done. She was running out of time. Evan was on his third interview with two different companies, she only had four weeks left to her final extension if she wanted to attend college the next semester. When would she have the courage to do what needed to be done?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah didn't have the answers to all these questions. Unfortunately, she is the only one who could answer them.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f5\fs18\i0}