{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Summary 1 (125 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah Wilkins, a 21-year-old from Seattle, embodies grace and determination. Her steely gray-blue eyes and long, blonde hair hint at the controlled wildness beneath her poised exterior. A valedictorian and Business student at the University of Illinois, she's a sophisticated Ruler archetype with an ISTJ Myers-Briggs profile. While her strengths include intelligence, sophistication, and generosity, her analytical mind often comes across as cold and distant. Despite her focus on career and philanthropy, love finds her in Evan, leading to a transformative journey. Sarah's story is one of breaking free from her father's expectations, choosing love over legacy, and discovering vulnerability in the process.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Summary 2 (75 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah Wilkins, 21, epitomizes grace and determination. With steely gray-blue eyes and long, blonde hair, she's the valedictorian of Ballard High School and a Business major at the University of Illinois. Intelligent, successful, and generous, she appears cold and distant due to her analytical mind. Despite her work-focused lifestyle, love unexpectedly enters her life through Evan. Sarah's story is about breaking free from her father's expectations, choosing love over legacy, and embracing vulnerability.}}