{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Patti Seeks Advice from Guido<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti hesitantly tells Guido that their friends have tasked her with convincing Evan that his relationship with Sarah is wrong. Despite not being fond of Guido, Patti appreciates his candid views on Evan and Sarah's relationship, even if they sometimes irk her. Their conversation is marked by a tangled mix of emotions, differing allegiances, and a mutual worry for Evan..<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene picks up after Evan leaves for his first Fundraising event. Here is the last paragraph before this scene:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As Evan left the room, Patti lingered, her hand tracing the spot where she\u8217\'92d tied his tie. The moment was over, but the feelings lingered. She sighed, knowing she\u8217\'92d made the right choice, but it didn\u8217\'92t make it any easier.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan and Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Early evening<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Patti, Guido<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Patti: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Upset and conflicted<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Guido: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Surprisingly compassionate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Patti)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-212\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti plops down on the sofa after Evan leaves for Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fundraising event}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido can see that Patti is upset and assumes that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t leave the apartment after Evan left, indicating that she needs someone to talk to. Guido interrupts his unfruitful journey through his little black book, calling women for a night of fun.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 He says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re not my biggest fan, but if you need someone to talk to, I\u8217\'92m here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti confides to Guido that, on the notes to him, their inner circle of friends has asked her to persuade Evan that his relationship with Sarah is misguided.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido realizes this will be a more extended conversation than he had hoped. He goes to the fridge, grabs two beers, opens them, hands one to Sarah, and takes a guzzle from his beer bottle. He then sits down on the loveseat at a 90\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u176\'B0 angle from the sofa, sharing the same end table.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Middle: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-212\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She tells Guido that she doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know if she can do it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She admits that she still has feelings for Evan but still values Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s friendship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan may be unaware of Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conflict, but Guido has always known.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She asks him what he thinks of Evan and Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 He explains how he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get Evan. In his opinion, Evan should enjoy his college years as Guido does. He comments how Evan has it easy. Girls flock to Evan while he(Guido) has to work for his girls. He says if he were Evan, he\u8217\'92d be playing the field \endash  A different girl every other night of the week.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Then he switches gears and says, but Evan is Evan. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get the answer she sought, so she asked again about his feelings but Evans\u8217\'92s relationship with Sarah. \u8220\'93Do you think she\u8217\'92s right for him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Not accustomed to these situations, Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unsure if she\u8217\'92s seeking consolation or candor. He asks her, \u8220\'93You want me to sugarcoat it, or do you want Guido to give it to you raw?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither, really. But I guess there\u8217\'92s no point in you holding back, so give it to me raw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that I could ever think like Evan when it comes to women, but I thought you and him were doing it right. You\u8217\'92re both in college, having fun, but no strings attached. You are smoking hot. I would\u8217\'92ve kept hooking up through senior year if I were Evan. \u8220\'93}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think about Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I say here never leaves this room. Do we have an understanding?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, of course. I won\u8217\'92t tell anyone, even Roxanne.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get it. I don\u8217\'92t get it at all. They have very little in common. But maybe that\u8217\'92s the point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I marvel at how Evan attracts women when he knows so little about them. It might even say I\u8217\'92m green with envy. I can only imagine what it\u8217\'92s like to have girls lined up at my front door.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand your point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido (annoyed by her impatience): \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you didn\u8217\'92t let me finish. If it\u8217\'92s that easy for him to get a girl, then maybe what attracts him to Sarah is that although he reeled her in pretty quickly, for the first time, he experienced a girl who made him work for it. See what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti thought for a while and began to understand what Guido was saying.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may be right. I never really thought about it that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I\u8217\'92m right. The Guido is always right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that she\u8217\'92s been \u8216\'91caught,\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 Patti said air quoting the word caught. \u8220\'93Do you think he\u8217\'92ll lose interest and back away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you may not wanna hear this, but the only way that relationship ends is if Sarah ends it. Evan is convinced she\u8217\'92s the one regardless of what you and I think.  His words, not mine. When Evan commits to something, it\u8217\'92s impossible to derail him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t he see what we all see? Sooner or later, that relationship is going to stop working. He needs to get out now before things get too serious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh Patti, Patti, Patti, you\u8217\'92re not getting it. Evan is in love with Sarah, or at least he thinks he is. He won\u8217\'92t admit it, and nobody seems to understand this, but Evan is the epitome of a hopeless romantic. He is blinded by love. I doubt anything we say will open his eyes to reality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure what to do. As a friend, I think I should share what we all feel and warn him off, Sarah. But I\u8217\'92m not sure if I trust my motivation. I don\u8217\'92t want to come off as a jealous ex.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I decided to let Evan make his own mistakes. And be there for him when he inevitably crashes and burns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think I should do? Just back away and let him crash and burn? Hoping that when he sees Sarah\u8217\'92s not right for him, maybe he\u8217\'92ll see that there are better options for him, even if it\u8217\'92s not me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes and no. I know there\u8217\'92s nothing I can say to stop you from warning Evan off of Sarah. I could see it in your eyes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to, Guido. But Roxanne made it clear that if I don\u8217\'92t do it, she will. That would be a disaster on all levels.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it. And who knows, maybe something you say will click down the road. But for now, understand that your words will fall on deaf ears. And then you\u8217\'92re left with a tough choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Choice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Either tell Evan how you feel and press the issue with Sarah or be his friend and be happy for him if it works out, and be there to catch him if he falls.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s pretty sound advice coming from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone always underestimates the Guido.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I can stand around waiting and watching him with Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t. Get back out there yourself. Find yourself a dude to keep your bed warm at night. You still got almost two full years of college. Live it up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti laughed: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that\u8217\'92s the kind of advice I expected from you, Guido.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 End: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-212\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not gonna lie. I\u8217\'92d be happy to fill that need for your right now. But no can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti laughs loudly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to hear this. Why \u8216\'91no can do\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve practically made a living off Evan\u8217\'92s rejects. But once a girl does Evan, she\u8217\'92s off-limits to the Guido. I don\u8217\'92t do my friends like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Patti laughed, not sure what to say.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta tell you, though, Patti. It ain\u8217\'92t easy. You\u8217\'92re the hottest piece of ass Evan\u8217\'92s ever brought to bed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido could see Patti waiting for a finish to his thought. So he gave her what she needed, earnest in his words.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido continued: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yes, even hotter than Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Provide deeper POV and internal dialogue here indicating that while Patti would usually be offended by Guido calling her a hot piece of ass, she was flattered.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Have her respond however you see fit.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene ends with Guido being interrupted by one of his prized black book coeds returning his call. He tells Patti he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got to go. Telling her he\u8217\'92s got a live one on the hook.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The last paragraph should be about Patti leaving the apartment, trying to figure out what to do. Her conflict is still unresolved.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special instructions:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 I've presented comprehensive dialogue that needs to be included in the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Please add narrative, action tags, and dialogue tags to beef up the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This is a deep POV scene reflecting's Patti's thoughts. Describing her thoughts and implementing inner dialogue when needed make sure that the reader understands how Patti feels as she talks to Guido about everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The scene is meant to show that there is more to Guido than meets the eye, but at the end of the day, he is still Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The combination of drama and humor is meant to to entertain the reader.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}}