{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's hand trembled as she grabbed the Bears tickets from the auction room table, glancing over her shoulder at the buzz of the ongoing event. Mr. Chamberlain said these were valuable and put them somewhere safe, she thought. Evan was mingling well, so she took the opportunity to run up to her room and put them in the hotel room safe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the door to her suite at the Grandeur Hotel swung open, she was taken aback by the breathtaking view of the city skyline, framed perfectly by floor-to-ceiling windows draped in sumptuous silk curtains. The room bathed in a gentle golden glow from the crystal chandeliers, and the rich mahogany furniture added a touch of elegance that reflected the evening's tone. She swiftly opened the safe and put the tickets inside, feeling a curious mixture of pride and uncertainty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As she did, thoughts of Evan welled up within her. She had considered booking them in the same room but didn't feel ready yet. Would Evan be upset? she wondered, her heart aching at the thought. Could he understand why we must sleep in separate rooms?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Heading back to the bar, she was met with a knowing smile from Jenni, the bartender. The familiar clink of her favorite wine being poured was comforting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your boy is doing pretty well out there," Jenni said, eyeing Evan as he chatted with Marcus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's eyebrows shot up. She described how horrified she'd been when Evan approached Marcus with the casual attitude of an old friend, only to find that they bonded over football like they had been buddies for years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Boys will be boys," Jenni laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah watched Evan going from group to group, shaking hands so often that it looked like he was at a square dancing competition. She mumbled to herself, "I just don't get it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Jenni asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Never mind, I was talking to myself," Sarah replied, brushing off the question. Yet Jenni's persistence led Sarah to open up, and she poured out her feelings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She shared how she felt like an outsider with Evan's friends, how they spoke a different language. But here, Evan was thriving in her world, talking with Marcus like a college buddy, even receiving NFL tickets as a gift.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jenni pointed out that Marcus, and likely many of the other esteemed guests, probably found Evan's approach refreshing. Unlike others who approached Marcus as an esteemed business leader, Evan had treated him like just one of the guys, as he would anyone he first met. This casual, genuine interaction was a breath of fresh air in a room filled with formality. Sarah was quiet for a moment, deep in thought, contemplating the uniqueness of Evan's approach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don't think I can hold back anymore. I'm not sure I want to,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice soft and full of realization. \u8220\'93I think Evan has melted my protective ice castle to the ground. Do you know how I am feeling about him right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Impressed, inspired, dazzled?" Jenni guessed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah laughed, her eyes shining. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, all those things! But more than anything, it turns me on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jenni burst into laughter, surprised by Sarah's revealing comment. "Are you gonna do something about that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I wish," Sarah sighed, looking at her watch. "Dinner starts in about 10 minutes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jenni saw Sarah in deep thought and asked, "What are you thinking about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "What is a quarterback?" Sarah blurted, causing Jenni to break out laughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan noticed Sarah at the bar, and after receiving a business card from a tech company owner, he headed over to see her. He showed her the card, excited about the opportunity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, feeling Sarah grab his hand and yank him toward the storage room, losing his balance slightly, managed to blurt out, "Where are you taking me?" His question was met with a sly grin from Sarah. "The make-out room," she announced, her eyes dancing with mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's expression showed excitement, and when they reached the room, Sarah shut the door and pushed him against it. "We only have five minutes, let's make it count!" she exclaimed, leaning in and kissing him with great intensity and passion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their lips met, and the world outside ceased to exist. The kiss was a vivid testament to their connection, to the barriers broken and the newfound intimacy they shared. It was the taste of commitment, of letting go, and of embracing love, even if it was meant to last only for a season.}}