{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s alarm blared for the third time that morning. It was already 11 AM, and he had snoozed the alarm repeatedly. On a typical Saturday, he would be up by 8 o\u8217\'92clock for a morning jog and workout. But today was different. A shadow of disappointment hung heavily over him; he hadn\u8217\'92t found Sarah since their kiss two days ago. Even a Friday night Cubs\u8217\'92 victory couldn\u8217\'92t lift his spirits. Feeling helpless, he\u8217\'92d earlier asked Guido to cover his client training sessions for the afternoon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a sigh, Evan finally pushed himself out of bed, feeling the weight of desperation settle on him. He needed advice, guidance. He needed the reassuring voice of the person who was always there for him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his sister, Liz. Grabbing his phone, he dialed her number and waited, his heart thumping in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 Liz\u8217\'92s voice crackled from the other end, and she pretended she didn\u8217\'92t know who the caller was, adding a touch of humor to her tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Liz, do you have a few minutes to talk?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, feeling the relief of hearing his sister\u8217\'92s  voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, who is this?\u8221\'94 she continued to tease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, it\u8217\'92s Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, that name doesn\u8217\'92t ring a bell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile, despite his downer mood. \u8220\'93Quit teasing. It\u8217\'92s Evan Vaughn, your brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, now I remember. It\u8217\'92s been forever since I\u8217\'92ve heard from my little brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only been a couple of weeks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Six weeks, to be exact. What\u8217\'92s up? Are you feeling okay? Are you still having those energy drop issues?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan felt a twinge of irritation at the question. In the last year or two, he had periods where his energy dropped significantly, sometimes lasting for a couple of hours, sometimes a couple of days. A concerned Liz often asked about his health, causing him to feel like she was nagging him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I haven\u8217\'92t had any problems,\u8221\'94 Evan deflected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish you would go to the doctor and get checked out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know how I feel about most doctors. They get kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies. They\u8217\'92re chomping at the bit to prescribe drugs when most of the time, all that is needed is proper diet and exercise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You and your fear of doctors. I\u8217\'92ll never understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen more than one friend or family get addicted to prescribed painkillers and antidepressants. You\u8217\'92ve seen it too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m asking you to go to the doctor, not get addicted to painkillers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine, Liz. Please stop worrying. We have to get a physical every six months for work, and I just got mine a few weeks ago. I got a clean bill of health.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would\u8217\'92ve known that if you had called me,\u8221\'94 Liz said, her voice tinged with teasing. Liz and Evan never fought or got angry with each other, but they did like to tease each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I\u8217\'92ve been busy with school and work \endash \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Interrupting, Liz added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And sports and parties and girls.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed at his sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accuracy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I called to talk about, girls. Well, one girl in particular. I think she\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up. \u8220\'93The one? Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I literally bumped into her on the way to the library. She was in a rush and headed for a hard fall. I was lucky enough to get there in the knick of time before she hit the ground. Next thing I know, we\u8217\'92re kissing. Oh my God, Liz. It was the best kiss of my life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What a wonderful way to meet! Tell me more about her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing, Liz; I know nothing about her. She ran away without so much as giving me her name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think she ran away? Was she upset you kissed her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Liz, you taught me always to be respectful. In the heat of the moment, I told her I wanted to kiss her. And she said I could. So I did!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m proud of you for being respectful. But then, why did she run?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I knew. Guido thinks she has a boyfriend, but I said no way that\u8217\'92s true. I think she ran because she was late for class. At least, I hope that was the reason. I waited for her to return, but she never showed. I returned the next day, and still, she didn\u8217\'92t show.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t worry too much. You know what I always say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I know. If it\u8217\'92s meant to be, it will be,\u8221\'94 Evan said, his voice infused with the mild annoyance of having heard the phrase a million times before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Liz, there is something special about this girl. I am desperate to find her. I know it\u8217\'92s too soon to be sure, but I feel she\u8217\'92s the one for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it\u8217\'92s hard to be patient. But I\u8217\'92m telling you, Evan, the harder you look, the less likely that you\u8217\'92ll find her. When you stop looking, she\u8217\'92ll appear. That\u8217\'92s just how these things work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido said as much. He said I looked pathetic getting soaked, waiting for her in the rain, and then spending hours online last night desperately trying to find her with no luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I were there to give you a hug. You\u8217\'92re not pathetic for enthusiastically seeking love. But Guido is right to some extent; go back to enjoying life. You put in the effort to find her, and that\u8217\'92s a good thing, a great thing. But it\u8217\'92s not healthy to become obsessive in your pursuits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re right. I want to meet her again. I never wanted anything as much in my life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you really think she may be the one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think it; I know it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then carry that confidence with you until you find her. If it\u8217\'92s meant to be, you will find her!\u8221\'94 Liz said, her tone empowering and confident.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words pumped up Evan, infusing him with renewed hope and energy. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right! I\u8217\'92m not gonna be pathetic, desperately seeking Sarah. We are meant to be, and the universe will bring her to me again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that\u8217\'92s the Evan I know! I know you\u8217\'92re going to find her. I\u8217\'92ve never heard you call any girl \u8216\'91the one.\u8217\'92 And I\u8217\'92m especially impressed you met her on the way to the library!\u8221\'94 They both laughed at the library comment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That just proves how awesome my sister is. I never would\u8217\'92ve met her if you didn\u8217\'92t make me promise to keep my grades up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t take the credit. But now that you mention it, are you keeping your grades up?\u8221\'94 Liz teased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Teasingly, Evan changed the subject without answering her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No time to talk, Liz; gotta get ready for work.\u8221\'94 Liz laughed at Evan\u8217\'92s evasive response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah, yeah, I\u8217\'92ll call you. Gotta run; love you, sis!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love you too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He hung up the phone, his heart lighter, his spirit renewed. A rejuvenated Evan Evan texted Guido, letting him know that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need him to cover his client sessions. He felt great, and he knew, deep in his soul, that he would find Sarah again.}}