{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}{\f8\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f9\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f10\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> The Anticipation in Liz's Kitchen<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Beginning:}
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>[ The last scene ended in a Love on a Precipice with the door opening unexpectedly in front of Sarah, and she had horror in her eyes with what she saw. We are going to leave the reader hanging a little bit, as this scene happens in synchronization with Evan and Sarah's drive to Liz's house. Normally when I introduce new characters, start with a narrative about the characters and the new location/setting. But it helps not to confuse the readers who are expecting an instant resolution to the previous Love on a Precipice scene, and get a jump into the action first, and then direct you provide a narrative. Note: This scene and precisely where the last scene ended in a convergence of paths. ]<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i0 A melody of later Christmas songs was playing in the background. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  loved hosting parties of any size, but preferred intimate family gatherings around the holidays. She was rinsing off the vegetables in the sink when }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her gently on the neck.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe (}{\f7\fs26\b1\i1 warm loving tone}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 ):}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Did I ever tell you you're the most beautiful woman in the world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you have, plenty of times. But I never got tired of hearing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Can I have a kiss?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  turned to face }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0 , a teasing look on her face.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz (}{\f7\fs26\b1\i1 playful teasing}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 ):}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to tell me who our mystery guest is tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Nope! You're just going to have to wait like everyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Well then you're just going to have to wait for your kiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  kissed }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  on the tip of the nose and turned around to return to her meal prep. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  playfully tickled her, turned her around, and playfully begged her for a kiss.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93All right, just one quick one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  was in charge of cooking all of the sides, desserts, and the dinner salad. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  was in charge of grilling the oversized turkey in his large Weber charcoal grill on the balcony of their second-floor apartment.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93How is the turkey coming along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93It should be ready in a bout an hour. I thought Evan would be here by now. Have you heard from him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  pulled out her phone to show }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  some pictures that }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Evan}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  had just sent of houses from the detour }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Sarah}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  and he made to a neighborhood famous for its Christmas decorations.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz (}{\f7\fs26\b1\i1 showing Joe the pictures}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 ):}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93He and Sarah took a detour to that neighborhood they call Candy Cane Lane. He said they were just there and they should be here in about 15 minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  told }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  that she was running behind, and told him to either grab a knife and start chopping vegetables or to go check on the turkey and watch his basketball game. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  chose to watch turkey duty and basketball. He grabbed a carrot on his way out. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  playfully smacked his hand.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>[ By telling the reader that Evan was just leaving Candy Cane Lane, the reader can surmise that this scene is happening simultaneously and hopefully anticipate that the Love on a Precipice will conclude at the end of the scene - which it does.]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\ltrch\loch \f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f1\fs18\b1\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Middle:}
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>[ This scene introduces Liz, Joe, and their apartment into the story. Normally, I make the vivid description of the characters and location in the beginning of the scene when his first introduced. However, because I wanted to avoid confusion due to the fact that this scene runs simultaneously the scene before, I use the beginning to establish the parallel timeframe.}
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 So in this middle part of the scene, you'll be describing Liz, Joe, and their apartment in vivid detail for the reader \endash  as guided by the information I provide below. ]<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>At the heart of Joe and Liz's kitchen stands a stainless steel double oven range, a culinary marvel that embodies both style and functionality. This appliance, gifted by Joe on Liz's birthday, features a standard size and a unique dual oven design. The upper oven, compact yet efficient, suits quick dishes like pizzas and dinner rolls. Meanwhile, the spacious lower oven accommodates larger creations like roasts and turkeys, allowing Liz to expertly host gatherings with flair and precision. She had asked for special permission from the apartment's property manager to install her personally-owns stove.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f10\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  Use internal dialogue when creating the narration for the following paragraph. ] }
\par\plain \f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz was admiring the stove while she ran through an internal checklist, making sure she had everything ready before she took a break. She opened the lower oven slightly to view the status of her green bean casserole. In her mind she had this checklist.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::4>Green bean casserole \endash  check.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Rolls ready to bake 15 minutes before start of dinner \endash  check.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Potatoes on a light boil ready to be matched at the right time \endash  check.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Salad ready to go \endash  check.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Baked apple pie cooling down \endash  check.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz opens the freezer, ice cream to go with the apple pie \endash  check. She ran through a few more items before feeling satisfied that she could take a short break while she waits for Joe to tell her the turkey is resting. That's her cue to kick the final phase of prep work into gear.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ After Liz is confident everything is in order, she heads into the living room to cuddle with Joe for a few minutes for Evan and Sarah arrive. Filter in descriptions of Joe, Liz, and their apartment throughout the scene as needed to make it compelling and immersive for our readers. Use the location and character profiles for information about the setting, particularly the living room, and Joe and Liz's physical description.  ] }
\par\plain \f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>While Joe is enjoying his basketball game on the sofa, Liz settles into next to him. He Liz's arm up and put around her, as she nestles her head into his barrel size chest. And takes a moment to sigh, embracing her moment of comfort and relaxation on a busy day.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What you thinking about, hon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I'm thinking about what it might mean that this is the first girl that Evan has ever brought home for the holidays.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93He brought Patti last year for Thanksgiving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93True. But he didn't bring her for Christmas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe she went home for the Christmas break?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. Don't get me wrong, I loved Patti. I think she and Evan made a great match. But her and Evan and have that spark. I think Evan needs to feel that spark inside like you and I have for each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe smiled and squeeze Liz a little tighter as a confirmation to her comment.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think he has that was Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know he does. You should hear the way talks about her. He was calling her 'the one' before he even knew her name. I suppose that causes me a little bit of worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn't worry. I'm sure she's going to be great. Even though Evan hasn't been too serious before, all his girlfriends have been great!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz didn't say anything, but she got up and took a walk over to her gallery wall.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  This is the part of the scene we should describe the gallery wall, before continuing with the dialogue. ] }
\par\plain \f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 Liz took a few minutes to admire the gallery wall and all of the memories it held.}
\par\plain \f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I have a feeling we are going to be making a lot of new memories this Christmas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ We want to him to the user that Joe has a surprise even bigger than the Mystery guess he invited for this evening's meal. What no one knows except Joe is that he is planning to propose to Liz on Christmas Day. Try to describe Joe having a special knowing smile when Liz makes a comment about new memories being made this Christmas. But of course, do not give away the secret to the reader just yet.  ] }
\par\plain \f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I'm sure you're right. I wonder if Sarah will get her picture up on our family gallery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If she feels for Evan, like he told me feels for her, then she'll make it up on the wall .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  In the middle part of the scene with Liz in deep thought about Sarah and her brother. At this point she doesn't know really what to think, so her mind bounces around a bit as she contemplates the long-term future of Evan and Sarah, as well as their upcoming three-day visit. ] }
\par\plain \f10\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\ltrch\loch \f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 End:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  Hopefully the readers will understand the convergence of this scene with a previous scene that ran simultaneously. The prior scene to this one ended with this one will end. Liz was just about to knock on the door after making a comment about the ridiculousness of ugly Christmas sweaters.}
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 In this scene Liz's can overhear her comment. She's going to call over Joe and together they going to be attend to be angry about the comment. Liz, Evan, and Joe are all playful teasers. Never meaning to hurt anyone's feelings. Their teasing is always meant in good fun.}
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 So this scene is to end with Liz swinging open the door the door.}
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 In the scene following this one, Sarah and our readers will find out that Liz is wearing an ugly Christmas sweater. A tradition, that only she practices, as Joe and Evan refused to wear one. As part of their teasing nature, Joe and Liz will pretend to be met for a brief moment, but then let Sarah off the hook with the warm hug and a welcome smile.  ] }
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  At the end of middle part of the scene, Liz was standing in front of her family gallery wall contemplating the future. When she hears the sound of voices outside her apartment door. However, she didn't hear the knock that she expected.  ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Hearing voices outside, but no knock, Liz walked over to the front door of her apartment, and pressed her ear firmly against the door so she could hear what was being said. Joe watched Liz, finding her actions amusing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Liz had huge smile on her face and waved Joe over.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (whispering)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Joe, Sarah just called ugly Christmas sweater's ridiculous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Joe chuckled. He had an idea with his head in mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (whispering)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Would we give her a proper initiation into her family?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe's exaggerated nod and a face full of mischievous excitement was a clear indication that he was all in on the fun.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (whispering)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  "On the count of three. One..Two..Three "}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz swung the door open quickly.}
\par\plain {\f9\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  End the scene with an exciting description of Liz swinging the door open. But don't say anything about Liz's expression or Sarah's expression, I'm saving that for the next scene. ] }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0}