{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1574420\li2268919\lin2268919}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li10788\lin10788}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's Dinner Roll Gambit<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah talked about her wealthy father's custom of keeping each family member's gifts to a modest monetary value. This sparked Evan and Liz to share one of their own gift traditions, which allowed each family member to open one of their many presents on Christmas Eve. Evan's warm and playful family quickly rubbed off on Sarah. By the end of the scene, she not only playfully retaliated against Liz for her earlier ugly sweater joke but also surprised and delighted everyone by launching a dinner roll at Liz, mimicking an action Liz had taken earlier when joking around with Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 In the previous scene, the mystery guest have been revealed near the start of Christmas Eve dinner. It was Liz and Evan's mom, Bridget. The excitement of the big reveal had subsided after a little bit of chitchat. The scene picks up while they're still in the midst of a family dinner on Christmas Eve.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois. A northern suburb of Chicago.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene takes place evening on Christmas Eve, when Sarah and Evan arrive, in the evening until dinner was complete.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Frigid cold in windy outside \endash  a typical winter day in Chicago. It's dry and cold and this day, but Liz hopes for snow the following day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah, Liz, Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe, Bridget, and Evan's mom. She was the mystery guest.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Although it had only been a few hours, the Vaughn family and Liz\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s boyfriend Joe melted Sarah's protective social castle in record time. She legitimately felt like a member of the family improved it with a classic Vaughn-style tease and launching of a dinner role. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - The Others:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Everyone else in the group was used to this kind of energy at a holiday family dinner. They were feeling good, satiated, and happy to be together. To say they were delighted when Sarah virtually self-initiated herself as a member of the family by teasing Liz and launching a role at her would be in understatement. Evan was especially proud and impressed.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You'll see some of our holiday traditions tonight and tomorrow. Does your family practice any holiday traditions?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93My dad was never one to make a big deal at Christmas time. My mom always bought a Christmas tree, and we decorated it. But that was the extent of our tradition.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah thought of it longer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (continued)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I guess we did have one. I  never really thought of it as a tradition. My father came from modest beginnings. When things were going well for us, he didn't want us to over-indulge just because we could afford to. At Christmas time we were each allowed to buy or make each other just one gift. The gift had to be under a certain dollar limit which changed over the years. When I was old enough to walk, on Christmas day or Christmas Eve, we would do something to give back to the community. It was different every year. Sometimes it was working at the soup kitchen, sometimes passing out toys to underprivileged children.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (jumped into seeing Sarah's praises)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. You\u8217\'92ve been a philanthropist since you were a toddler.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah laughed at Liz's comment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Evan }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (looking deeply in this Sarah's eyes as he says this to the group)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah is an amazing woman. Always has been, always will be.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah blushed.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93We also have a version of a one gift tradition?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Is that the movie Evan said you watch every Christmas together?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Joe }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (rolling his eyes)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Don't tell me you're going to make us all watch that movie again.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (defending her tradition)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It's a great movie, Sarah's going to love it.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Joe }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (smiling)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you say, dear.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Bridget }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (getting back to the point)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93After dinner, and the dishes are all done, we each get to open one present on Christmas Eve.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I may have to forgo that tradition this year. With all my volunteer work, I have had to cut my hours at the gym. I only have one gift for each of you. I would've gotten something for you mom if I knew you were coming.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Your and Sarah's presence shall be our gift tonight. What better gift than to see a young couple in love."}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan hugged his mom and thanked her for being understanding. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Everybody had clearly had their fill at dinner, and now it came time for cleanup.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Alright little brother. You know the drill we did the cooking you do the cleaning.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Evan}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (smiling)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know the drill well.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (anxious to help)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I'll help you clean up Evan.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (insistent)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance, Sarah. You\u8217\'92re our guest, and our guests are not made to clean. Come join us in the living room. Evan will be done in no time.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah didn't know what came over her but inspiration struck.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah looked down with the saddest of faces.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (concerned)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say something wrong?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah doubled down on her look of rejection and dejection.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (lifted her head up and looked at Liz with sad puppy dog eyes)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Earlier you told me that I was a member of the family. Now you tell me you only consider me as a guest.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz's facial expression showed that she felt horrible about making Sarah feel like she was not part of the family. As Sarah had earlier during the ugly Christmas sweater incident, Liz bumbled and stumbled with her words trying to backtrack. Bridget, Evan, and Joe all jumped in for the assist. In a flurry of apologetic words they were trying to explain to Sarah that Liz didn't mean anything by her words. In the midst of their attempts to repair the situation, Sarah looked up with a huge smile.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 And indeed, Sarah had tricked them all. In loving fun, she had tricked them as Liz and Joe had tricked her earlier during the day.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Well there's no question about it now, you are officially part of the family. That was well played! Liz couldn't have done it better herself. He reached out his hand and for the first time and Sarah's life, she high-fived a human being.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz walked over and gave Sarah a hug.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (smiling)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That was impressive. I never saw that coming.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (chuckling)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I surprised myself.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I have a special surprise for you, Sarah.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz grabbed Sarah by the shoulders and spun her around toward Evan.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Time to do the dishes!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>A few leftover rolls inspired another thought as Sarah walked into the kitchen to help. In the unlikely-ist of actions, Sarah picked up her dinner at role and turned around to face Liz as she was about to go sit down in the living room.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (shouted)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Liz!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz looked at Sarah, confused.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (having fun)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Catch this!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   Sarah said as she launched a dinner roll at Liz whose catlike reflexes caught it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (joking in a loving way)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Now, I feel like family.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah's unexpected throwing of food and playful banter, had everybody laughing in stitches. Liz, Joe, and Bridget went to the living room still talking about Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s playful ending to the Christmas Eve feast.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah looked at Evan, partially proud of herself, partially horrified.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I can't believe I just threw food! At your sister no less!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan gave her a great big bear hug and a big kiss.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 Evan}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (sincerely)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 : }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf10 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And I've never been more proud of you!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene offers a little information about the Vaughn Christmas traditions, as well as  Sarah's family traditions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 However, the main objective is to show how quickly a warm, welcoming family was able to reel in an often socially resistant Sarah. The power of love as they say.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 N/A<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: "[describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment]" or "Liz (smiling warmly):". }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: "Liz (playful teasing):".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  All dialogue provided must be used verbatim. Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: "Evan: Patti, how dare you!'".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize "showing" over "telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: "Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}