{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The Thai Garden Restaurant was a hidden gem, tucked away in a bustling part of town. As Sarah stood outside, she could see the glow of warm lanterns hanging from the ceiling and intricately carved wooden panels adorning the walls. Tables adorned with colorful silk tablecloths were spaced generously to create a sense of intimacy. Faint strains of traditional Thai music whispered through the air, mingling with the fragrant aroma of spices and herbs. A tasteful fountain at the center of the dining area added a gentle murmur, completing a sensory experience that promised a cozy, romantic atmosphere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Through the window, she could see Evan texting on his phone, a sight that brought a flurry of emotions to her heart. Terrified, she thought, feeling a sudden incapability to maintain her no-dating rule. But Sarah was never truly out of control; even at this moment, she had a well-thought-out plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her new dress ensemble, chosen with Katie's help, clung to her figure. It was an elegant blend of confidence and allure, something she hoped would strike the right note.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan waited anxiously, trying to find someone to text to help pass the time. He felt a presence over his shoulder and looked up, then back to his phone. A second later, he looked back again, his heart leaping as he realized it was Sarah. Seeing her brought a genuine smile to his face. Evan stood up and kissed Sarah, his lips gentle on her cheek.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I almost didn\u8217\'92t recognize you. Did you do all this for me?\u8221\'94 he asked, referring to her makeover.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was in the mood to change things up a bit,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied, her eyes moving up and to the right, her lips curling into a sly grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for a change, are you? I hope that bodes well for me.\u8221\'94 Evan laughed, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see,\u8221\'94 she said, a hint of mystery in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go eat!\u8221\'94 Evan said, leading her to the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 When they got to the table, Evan pulled out the seat for Sarah, his movements graceful and practiced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. You are quite the gentleman,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice soft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look great! But you know you didn\u8217\'92t have to change anything for me. You are beautiful now; you\u8217\'92re as beautiful as when I first laid eyes on you,\u8221\'94 Evan said, his voice sincere.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their server appeared as Evan finished his compliment, ready to take their orders. After two classes of  Pinot Noir were ordered and delivered, Evan went with the Spicy Pad Thai, and Sarah settled on the Som Tam.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was worried you wouldn\u8217\'92t show up,\u8221\'94 Evan said, his eyes searching hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you I always keep my appointments,\u8221\'94 she replied, catching herself. \u8220\'93Sorry, poor choice of words. Why don\u8217\'92t we start this date off with you telling me a little about yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan arched an eyebrow playfully. "Now, are you looking for my full r\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9sum\u233\'E9, complete with professional references, or just a summary of my many academic achievements?"<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's eyes sparkled as she caught the joke. Even though it was a playful jab at her, she found it endearing. His sense of humor put her at ease.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah burst into laughter, shaking her head. "Ha ha, you're so funny! I promise, no more r\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9sum\u233\'E9 recitations. Let's stick to the topics normally discussed on a first date."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan raised his glass, his eyes sparkling. "Deal," he said, his voice tinged with genuine enthusiasm. "Let's make this a night to remember."<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's heart gave a little leap, and a warm, pleasurable sensation spread through her. She was beginning to feel truly comfortable with him, and the night seemed full of promise. With a smile, she reached out and clinked her glass to his, toasting to the sentiment.          }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m a pretty simple guy,\u8221\'94 Evan began, leaning back in his chair and casting a casual glance around the room. \u8220\'93I work as a personal trainer at the gym down the street. I like to play sports, hike, run, bike, anything that gets me outside. I enjoy hanging out with my friends. Anything else you want to know?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His words painted a picture of an active and outgoing person who thrived on physical activities and enjoyed the company of others. Sarah's eyes were fixed on Evan, and she was keen to learn more.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your major? Are you a good student?\u8221\'94 she asked, genuinely interested in understanding what motivated him academically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face turned slightly thoughtful. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m majoring in software development. I guess I\u8217\'92m a good student when I apply myself. At least, that\u8217\'92s what my sister would say. I promised her I would maintain at least a 3.0 GPA. I'm hovering around that level now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah noted the reference to his sister, intrigued by how Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened at the mention of her. \u8220\'93Are you close to your sister?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan leaned back in his chair, his eyes momentarily distant as he considered the question. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but she\u8217\'92s in Chicago right now, so I don\u8217\'92t see her as often as I\u8217\'92d like. That\u8217\'92s where I\u8217\'92m from. How about you? What\u8217\'92s your story? Where are you from?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I grew up in Seattle, no siblings. I\u8217\'92m a business major focusing on international trade, a teacher\u8217\'92s assistant, and I'm in the running for graduating at the top of our class," Sarah replied, her voice steady and confident.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 The conversation flowed naturally, each question opening up new avenues for exploration. Evan's curiosity was piqued, and he asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking, I get the impression that you could\u8217\'92ve gone to any university you wanted to. Why would you pick the University of Illinois?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father owns a large corporation. He was a self-made man from modest beginnings. He went to U of I, and our agreement was I would follow in his footsteps and get my Bachelor\u8217\'92s degree here. After graduation, I plan to attend an Ivy League college for my master\u8217\'92s degree." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's eyes sparkled with interest as he leaned forward, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very interesting. Do you have a job?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Sarah opened her mouth to reply, their food arrived, pausing the conversation. The server placed their plates on the table with a flourish, the aroma of the freshly cooked meals filling the air.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah looked down at her plate, eyes widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This food looks and smells delicious!\u8221\'94 She picked up her fork and took a bite, her face lighting up with delight. \u8220\'93It even tastes better than it looks. Excellent choice of restaurants!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan grinned, pride in his selection evident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get to come here very often, but I love their food," he said as he ate his meal, savoring the flavors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Unperturbed by the interruption, Sarah continued their conversation, her voice filled with enthusiasm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a paying job, but I stay busy volunteering as an events coordinator for various nonprofit organizations in the area. During summer breaks, I intern for large corporations to gain experience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'm quite impressed!\u8221\'94 Evan responded, his admiration genuine. \u8220\'93I like the idea of getting involved with non-profit organizations. It just seems like you should allow some time for fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah grinned and reminded Evan, her eyes twinkling, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here with you, aren\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you are! I'm happy about that,\u8221\'94 Evan chuckled, raising his glass to toast their enjoyable evening.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They continued to eat, their conversation flowing effortlessly, the connection between them growing stronger with each passing moment. The laughter, the shared stories, and the pleasure in each other's company marked the date as something special, a chance encounter that held the promise of something more.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 For dessert, Sarah ordered a small espresso while Evan chose a piece of strawberry cheesecake. The conversation continued with an air of intimacy, though the ambiance of the restaurant faded into the background as they focused on each other.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah glanced down at her cup, then back at Evan. "I was wondering if I could make a proposal?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan raised an eyebrow, a grin playing on his lips. "A proposal already? We just met," he joked, then leaned forward, his eyes locking onto hers. "Go ahead. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m all ears."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah's expression became thoughtful as she formulated her words. "Since I met you, I have been reconsidering my thoughts on relationships. A relationship is a partnership. I wanted to propose that we form a partnership. In business, it is essential to identify all foreseeable issues before signing an agreement."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's eyes narrowed thoughtfully, his head tilting to one side. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting analogy. Go on, I\u8217\'92m listening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 With a steadying breath, Sarah continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father taught me it is best to lead with what I have to offer first, and here is what I can provide to this partnership. I can teach you some study techniques to improve your grades with minimal effort. I can already tell you\u8217\'92re going to want me to break out of my shell and socialize with your friends and others in my age group. I can\u8217\'92t promise I'll attend every party or social event, but I'll accompany you as often as possible, and if there is a particular event that is important to you, I\u8217\'92ll try to attend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan interrupted, putting down his fork. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask a question?\u8221\'94 Sarah nodded, and Evan continued, \u8220\'93I play softball every Sunday morning. Will you be able to come to my games?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My schedule is usually clear on Sunday mornings. I should be able to make it to many of your games,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied, a reassuring smile gracing her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Having Sarah at his games was an important point for Evan, evidenced by the excited look on his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Continue with your proposal,\u8221\'94 he urged, leaning back in his chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As adults in a romantic relationship, I expect some physical intimacy will be involved. I want to be honest with you here. I'm not a virgin, but I'm also not very experienced. I haven't been on a date since high school. You are quite attractive, and I'm interested in pursuing a physical relationship. I'll need you to be patient as I explore that aspect of myself. I expect you to wait until I'm ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's face softened, and he reached across the table, covering her hand with his, his expression earnest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I appreciate your honesty, Sarah. Take all the time you need. I want this to be right for both of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah looked at Evan, her expression sincere. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The most important thing to me is that you understand my academic career comes first. That means no pressuring me to go to parties or spend time together until after I\u8217\'92ve attended to my studies. I attend a lot of formal events. Just as I'll attend your social events, I expect the same in return. Keep in mind these aren\u8217\'92t frat parties.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's eyebrows shot up, and he leaned back in his chair, slightly taken aback. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think I am, a frat boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah quickly reached out, touching Evan's hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to imply that. I want to let you know you may have to dress up for some of these events. These events will also be a great way for you to make important business connections. Those connections may help you find a great job after graduation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 The stern lines on Evan's face relaxed, replaced by curiosity. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is making connections why you want me to attend these events?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s not just that,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied, her voice softening. \u8220\'93I like you. It would honor me to have you by my side at any event. I haven\u8217\'92t been able to stop thinking about you since the moment you kissed me. If we let our relationship develop organically, I may never regain my focus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's eyes sparkled with emotion, his words carrying a warmth that made Sarah's heart skip a beat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel the same. You\u8217\'92ve been the only thing on my mind for the last week. I can\u8217\'92t focus any better than you can. There\u8217\'92s something about you that is just so different and so special. It\u8217\'92s like, somehow, I already know it will work out. There\u8217\'92s nothing I want more than to call you my girlfriend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my proposal. Do you have a counter-proposal?\u8221\'94 Sarah asked, looking expectantly at Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's eyes twinkled, and a broad smile spread across his face. He had no problem with Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s less-than-romantic offer and voiced his approval. \u8220\'93No counter-proposal. I\u8217\'92m in total agreement!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah laughed, a sound that was light and genuine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father said if they accept your first offer, you offered too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at it from my point of view,\u8221\'94 Evan retorted, his voice filled with good-natured amusement. \u8220\'93You said you would attend my games, you plan to explore your sexuality with me when you\u8217\'92re ready, you are going to hook me up with potential employers, and you can help me get good grades, which will make my sister happy. What more could I ask for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 With a confident smile, Sarah put out her hand for a handshake. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So we have a deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's expression turned mischievous. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way are we sealing this deal with a handshake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The implication of his words hung in the air, not so subtly hinting that it was time to leave the restaurant because he wanted to seal the deal with a kiss. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A knowing smile danced in Sarah's eyes, and she felt a pleasant thrill at the prospect. The way Evan looked at her was enough to tell her he felt the same way.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He called for the check, paid it, and then stood up, offering his hand to Sarah. As they walked toward the restaurant's exit, their hands entwined, the air between them crackled with anticipation.}}