{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red139\green93\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-21040\li30320\lin30320}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The Enforcers Win!<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Summary: <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Patti sizes up Sarah during the game while Sarah educates herself on a game she knows nothing about. Evan and Guido's team, the Enforcers, win their game!<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The aluminum bleachers at a softball field in a large recreational park in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>11:00 AM to 1:00 PM<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Partly sunny. The scene starts with a cool crisp early fall morning, but as the softball game is played and time crosses over noon, it warms up to a comfortable fall day.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Patti)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Patti, Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan, Roxanne, Guido<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Patti: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Hurt, Stung, Jealous, Conflicted<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Roxanne: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Angry, Irritated, judgmental<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Oblivious that others are watching her. Focused on learning the game and was excited to see Evan play.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> With the game starting, Patti focuses on Sarah instead of the game. She watches as Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s head is buried in a book, not knowing what to make of Sarah. Her internal thoughts and dialogue evaluate Sarah. Tallying the good and the bad, she notes while Sarah is pretty, she doesn\u8217\'92t seem very interested in the game. Her mind ponders how Sarah managed to snag Evan in record time. What about her makes her so great - Patti wondered.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Middle: <!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li878\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah is blissfully unaware that anyone is watching her. She continues reading her book but looks up every time it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Evan\u8217\'92s turn to bat.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Roxanne has already decided that she doesn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t like Sarah. She whispers snide remarks about Sarah to Patti every chance she gets.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Patti and Roxanne mistakenly think Sarah brought a book because she is uninterested in the game. They don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t know that the book Sarah is reading is designed to help her understand a game she\u8217\'92s never seen before. She wants to support Evan. That\u8217\'92s the reason she\u8217\'92s reading the book. Roxanne uses the opportunity to make a derogatory comment about Sarah to Patti.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Because Sarah is out of hearing range and Roxanne is whispering, Sarah is unaware that they are talking about her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The temperature starts to warm up at the midpoint of the game. Patti decides to get a beer and asks Sarah if she would like one. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Not knowledgeable of concession stands at a softball game, Sarah asks if they have wine. Roxanne rolls her eyes and mumbles an insult. Patti, being a polite and kind person, gives Roxanne a scolding look and silently mouths,\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94 Knock it off.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Patti, in an amiable tone, says to Sarah. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think they have any wine, but they may have some wine coolers. If they don\u8217\'92t have wine coolers, would you like something else instead? My treat!\u8221\'94 In an appreciative tone, Sarah says no, thank you.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>End: <!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li878\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nearing the end of the game, and Sarah has finished her book and is paying full attention to the baseball game \endash  well, attention to Evan, anyway.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 It was a tie game in the final inning, Evan was on third base, And Guido was up to bat.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Finding herself surprisingly vested in the excitement of the game, Sarah pulled out the pendant that Evan had made for her from underneath her sweatshirt and rubbed it to shed nervous energy. Patti noticed how unique the pendant was and sensed it had meaning.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Guido gets a base hit, and Evan scores the winning run.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Guido and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s group of friends erupted in cheer and celebration as Evan crossed the plate for the final score.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah found herself jumping up and down in excitement as well. Her enthusiasm was genuine.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 While Patti usually cheered as loud as anyone, her enthusiasm was less than usual as her eyes and mind watched Sarah. Roxanne criticized Sarah as being fake.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Evan and Guido ran to the bleachers. Guido headed toward the group of friends. Evan made a B-Line straight for Sarah, picking her up, spinning her around, and ending in a passionate kiss.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 A kiss that felt like another punch in the gut or slap in the face to Patti.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Guido invites everybody to a post-game celebration at a sports bar and Grille called, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sluggers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 With Evan and Sarah on their way to the car, outside the hearing range, she asked if Guido knew anything about the unusual pendant Sarah was rubbing at the end of the game. Guido explained the story behind the pendant and that Evan had it custom-made for their first date. This felt like a knockout punch to Patti. She had never known Evan to be creative like that and never received any sentimental gifts when they were together. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Roxanne complains to Patti and Guido that Evan is being insensitive to pad his feelings, being so affectionate with Sarah in front of everyone. Both Guido and Patti defend Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Feeling resigned/defeated,  the scene ends with Patti asking Guido. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan\u8217\'92s in love with her, isn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94 Guido says nothing and shrugs his shoulders, signaling he doesn\u8217\'92t know the answer to that question.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::6>Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Through Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, we see that Sarah differs from his past relationships. And at this point in the story, no one can be sure if the relationship will last and why Evan would choose Sarah over Patti. Patti is every bit as beautiful as Sarah and far more compatible with Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 It is crucial to understand Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s conflict in this scene. In the previous school year, Patti was well aware of Evan\u8217\'92s unusual monogamous but casual relationship history. He never deceived her or called her his girlfriend. They were good friends before they started sleeping together. However, somewhere along the line, Patti developed strong feelings for Evan and began to feel like a girlfriend. She lasted twice as long as any other girl Evan was with, and Evan even introduced Patti to his sister \endash  something he had never done before. However, when the school year ended, and Patti went back home for summer break, the intimate aspect of the relationship ended. When the current school year started, Evan treated her as a good friend, as though the intimate part of the relationship had never happened. She thought he would come around and be with her again, and the next thing you know, he has a girlfriend.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Bleachers}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Pendant that Evan had custom-made for her}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s book is titled, \u8220\'93Softball for Dummies.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Key Lines:<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Patti: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think they have any wine, but they may have some wine coolers. Would you like something else instead? My treat!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Patti: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m headed to the concession stand. Can I grab your beer or something to drink?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Roxanne: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Can you fucking believe she\u8217\'92s reading a book at her \u8216\'91boyfriend\u8217\'92s\u8217\'92 softball game!?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Roxanne: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is wrong with Evan? He\u8217\'92s so insensitive, making out with his \u8216\'91girlfriend\u8217\'92 in front of Patti. It pisses me off!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Guido: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93He is not being insensitive. You know Evan. He\u8217\'92s just oblivious to this kind of thing. He doesn\u8217\'92t know he\u8217\'92s hurting anyone. We\u8217\'92re all his friends. He expects us to support his choices.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Roxanne<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s bullshit, Guido!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Patti:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not bullshit. If I brought a boyfriend to the game, Evan would support me, no matter what he may or may not feel inside.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs28\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::7>Patti: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in love with her, isn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Tone:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Curious, Somber, Wounded, Exciting, Reflective<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Action Tags/Dialogue Tags:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-212\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Patti is reflective and serene during this scene, even though inside, she is hurting.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 During this scene, Roxanne is animated in both face and body/arm motions. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s angry at Evan and has negatively prejudged Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah remains focused on her book for the game\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s duration, except when Evan is at bat. Then she focuses on him before returning to her book when his turn at bat is over. By the end of the game, she\u8217\'92s a fully vested fan of Evan and the outcome of the game. Action and dialogues should reflect this as needed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Roxanne always uses air quotes when saying \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91girlfriend\u8217\'92 - referring to Sarah.<!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Themes/Motifs:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Betrayal hurt feelings<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah is oblivious to all this being said about her. Roxanne and Patti speak quietly out of Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hearing range.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 I'm not sure how much you know about baseball. I like to bring the reader into the end of the game when Evan is on third base and Guido is up to bat. Guido's base hit brings in the winning run for victory. As much as you're able, let's inject that excited energy into the scene. Let's have the reader feel like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re on the bleachers cheering along with Patti and Sarah and the group of friends.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary/Synopsis:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Patti sizes up Sarah during the game while Sarah educates herself on a game she knows nothing about. Evan and Guido\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s team, the Enforcers, win their game!}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4>}}