{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With the fundraiser behind them, Evan and Sarah made their way hand-in-hand to the hotel elevators, their faces glowing from the shared success of the night. The event had gone off without a hitch, transcending both of their highest hopes. They had eaten, laughed, and charmed the attendees, their effortless synergy captivating everyone in the room. Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s poise and zeal had been instrumental, contributing to an astounding 10% increase in donations compared to the previous year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Evan witnessed Sarah take command of the room, his feelings for her transformed into something profound. He saw a side of her that was uniquely vibrant and driven. Any lingering doubts or uncertainties evaporated; he knew now, without reservation, that he was in love with Sarah. There was no turning back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 While waiting for the elevator, Evan turned to Sarah, his eyes glowing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were incredible tonight. I\u8217\'92ve never seen anyone work a room like that before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah laughed, a soft blush coloring her cheeks. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you, Evan, you were amazing. I couldn\u8217\'92t have done it without you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The elevator door dinged open, and they stepped inside, continuing to gush over each other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s performance. The air between them was charged with excitement and admiration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 When the elevator opened, Evan walked Sarah to her hotel room door, where their kisses were slow, soft, and sensual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope you aren\u8217\'92t upset that I booked us in separate rooms. I\u8217\'92m not sure that I\u8217\'92m ready,\u8221\'94 Sarah said, looking up at him with a mix of hope and uncertainty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Upset? A free room all to myself in a five-star luxury hotel? Why would I be upset?\u8221\'94 Evan replied, his smile genuine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I\u8217\'92m moving kind of slow compared to other college girls my age,\u8221\'94 Sarah continued, but Evan interrupted her, his voice gentle but firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not bothered by the speed of our relationship at all,\u8221\'94 he reassured her, looking into her eyes with a sincerity that touched her heart. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s so easy to get sex these days. But having what we have is special. It\u8217\'92s something that can\u8217\'92t be manufactured or forced. It just is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you find special about us?\u8221\'94 Sarah asked, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan took a few minutes to answer, his gaze penetrating her more profoundly than ever before. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah Wilkins, I\u8217\'92m in love with you. And I\u8217\'92ll wait for eternity to make love if that\u8217\'92s how much time you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He leaned in and kissed her soft and sensually. Sarah had never had anyone tell her they loved her in this way. Her body shivered from head to toe. She wanted to reciprocate Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words of love, but she couldn\u8217\'92t get the words out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, I\u8217\'92m afraid \endash \u8221\'94 she began, but he interrupted her, putting his index finger gently over her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shh. You don\u8217\'92t need to say anything before you\u8217\'92re ready. I will cherish the moment you tell me you love me, but I only want to hear it when all fear and doubts are gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan leaned in and gave Sarah a final sensual kiss that caused her body to tremble even more. Without saying anything more, he headed to his room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words weren\u8217\'92t just spoken; they were felt, igniting a fire within Sarah that consumed her entire being. It was a love so new, so fresh, and so powerful, it reverberated in the very core of her soul, leaving her body trembling uncontrollably. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>I never knew love could feel like this<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , she thought, awash with a sensation that transcended mere words. The profundity of the moment hung in the air, forever altering her understanding of what it meant to be loved. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>I never could\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve imagined how good hearing those words would feel.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  It was not just a statement, but a promise, a turning point that marked the beginning of a new chapter in her life, filled with a passion and connection she never thought possible.}}