{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah gives Evan her laptop and phone for 24 hours as Christmas eve gift.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Liz hopes its snows for Christmas}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Evan and Sarah visited Liz's house for a three-day holiday, marking Liz's first introduction to Sarah. Joined by Liz's boyfriend, Joe, the four enjoyed a home-cooked dinner together\endash  along with a mystery guest. The atmosphere was warm and cheerful, filled with lively conversation and laughter as they became better acquainted, turning strangers into friends over the course of the meal.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Sarah started off in this scene as she often did in social situations, cold and distant. However, the warmth and love in this family were powerful enough to melt Sarah's often icy exterior.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{In this scene, Evan's mom was introduced as the mystery guest. She didn't play a large role in any of the books at this point, but it was a chance for the readers to experience a little more depth about Evan's family and his backstory.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Ultimately, it was clear that Liz and Sarah got along very well.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Liz had some reservations about the relationship, but that wouldn't be expressed in this scene - though there might be subtle references.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{This scene was also a setup for the next scene, where Joe invited and paid for Sarah's mom to take a quick visit from Florida because he wanted to be there when he proposed to her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Of course, he had to make up reasons why he invited Liz's mom, and nobody was aware that Joe would be proposing on Christmas Day.}}