{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red21\green148\blue212;\red217\green149\blue148;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Number:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> 0206<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li360\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 On the drive to the restaurant for a celebratory post-game party, Evan and Sarah discuss her inaugural experience attending a softball game and how things went with Evan's friends. Sarah shares her insecurities about attending the party.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah's Pearl White Audi luxury sedan.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Location Description: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>The late-model Pearl White Audi luxury sedan was a masterpiece of German engineering, sleek and sophisticated in design. Its exterior was painted in a lustrous pearl white hue, a color that gleamed with a soft iridescence under the sunlight. The paint seemed to possess a life of its own, reflecting the world around it with a luxurious shine that turned heads wherever it went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The sedan's sharp, angular lines added to its aerodynamic appearance, giving it an aggressive yet elegant stance. The iconic four-ring Audi emblem adorned the front grille, which was flanked by LED headlights that featured a distinctive shape and emitted a bright, clear light. These eyes of the vehicle looked both futuristic and intent, ready to pierce through the darkest nights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The car's side profile showcased its sweeping contours and pronounced wheel arches, housing gleaming alloy wheels with intricately designed spokes. Chrome trim added subtle accents along the windows and door handles, contrasting beautifully with the pearl white body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Inside, the Audi was as refined as it was on the outside. The interior was a blend of luxury and technology, featuring leather seats that were both supple and supportive. The dashboard was a marvel of ergonomic design, with a digital display that provided the driver with all essential information at a glance. The center console was equipped with an advanced infotainment system, giving access to navigation, music, and various connectivity options through a touchscreen interface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The cabin was spacious and well-lit, with meticulous attention to detail visible in the stitching and the use of high-quality materials. Ambient lighting could be adjusted to suit the mood, and advanced noise-cancellation technology ensured a serene driving experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Under the hood, the car's engine was a piece of art itself, a combination of performance and efficiency that delivered a smooth yet thrilling driving experience. Whether cruising on the highway or navigating city streets, the Audi sedan responded with agility and precision, its suspension tuned to provide a ride that was both comfortable and engaging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In every aspect, the Pearl White Audi luxury sedan was a symbol of status and taste, a vehicle that combined aesthetics, comfort, and performance in a way that was uniquely Audi. It was not just a car, but an expression of a lifestyle.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>After the game is over, Shortly after 1 PM<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Partly sunny, warm, and comfortable.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Tone: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Neutral. With hints of nervousness and playfulness.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>None<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan is feeling great! His team won the game. He scored the winning run. And his new girlfriend is right by his side, experiencing it all with him.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah has mixed emotions. She felt awkward at times during the game. She is extremely nervous about the post-game party. At the same time, she feels good that she's with Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan and Sarah climb into the car for a 15-minute drive to the "Sluggers" sports bar and grill. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Middle: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan inquires about her experience at her first softball game. This scene is made up of their conversation. See the dialogue for more information about what is said.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 End: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah pulled up into the parking lot of sluggers, and a terrified feeling engulfed her. Evan can see the fear inside of her and does his best to comfort and reassure her.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 We want the reader to see that Sarah is doing her best to support Evan while struggling outside her comfort zone.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 It's not just that she's unacquainted with a typical college student atmosphere. She has never been a girlfriend before and is still determining how to fulfill that role for Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The scene should also show how Sarah's feelings are growing for Evan. Although softball was not her thing, she enjoyed being there for Evan and enjoyed watching Evan enjoy himself playing the game.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah's pendant. In this scene, Sarah is seen rubbing Evan's pendant while waiting at a stoplight. She is subconsciously using it like a worry stone. Evan is pleased that she's wearing it and that she seems to like it. Without Evan asking or saying anything, Sarah tells Evan how much she loves the pendant. Include this in the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Key Lines:<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"So, how was it, experiencing your first softball game.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"It was fun! Especially at the end. I loved watching you score the final run!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 So you enjoyed the game?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"Honestly, I'll probably never be a huge fan. But I enjoyed watching you play.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 I can live with that. How\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d it go with my friends?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn't really talk much. They were focused on the game, and I spent a lot of time trying to learn the game from my book. Patti seems really nice.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"Patti is great. I think you two will hit it off once you get to know each other.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"Evan, I'm nervous about the post-game party and hanging out with your friends in general. I'm so different than them. Besides Patti, I don't think they liked me very much.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"Give it time. Everyone's nervous in a situation like this. They'll warm up to you soon enough.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah (upon arriving at the sports bar): <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>"I am starting to freak out. I don't know if I can do this. I don't think I'm ready yet.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You'll be fine. But if you're not ready, let's go somewhere else. They'll be plenty of opportunities to get to know my friends and vice versa.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I've never been anyone's girlfriend before. I don't want to suck at it.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don't and won't suck at it. Come on, let's go somewhere else.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. It will make things worse if you don't show up after scoring the winning run. They'll know I caused you to be a no-show at the party. I'll be okay.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Tone:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah gets increasingly nervous as she nears the sports bar. Evan does his best to comfort her when he sees her inner nerves escaping outwardly.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Action Tags/Dialogue Tags:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-212\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan laughs affectionately when Sarah worries about sucking as a girlfriend.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan is patient and compassionate about her concerns, frequently holding her hand and using words and gestures to make her feel comfortable and let her know there's no pressure to go to the post-game party.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah is nervous. She is ultra comfortable in her world but ultra uncomfortable in Evan's world. However, Sarah is intent on being good in anything she does. This includes being good at being Evan's girlfriend.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\cf6 Special Instructions:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 I have provided a detailed description of Sarah's vehicle. Use what you need from this description to enhance the scene from beginning to end.<!$Scr_Ps::8>}}