{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Liz's Christmas of Commitments<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Beginning:}
\par\plain \f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  It's Christmas morning. In some ways, 21-year-old Evan and 23-year-old Liz are like six-year-old Evan and eight-year-old. I Christmas morning there up earlier than everyone else, impatiently waiting for others to awaken so they can open their presents.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 It's about 15 minutes until 8 AM when gift opening time starts. So far, there is no sign of Sarah, Joe, or Bridget \endash  although Bridget texted she is 10 minutes out. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 I haven't written anything for this scene yet, I will provide some bullet points to guide you and let you write the first draft and work from there.  ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 1.	}{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Liz and Evan sat at the dining room table wondering which of the romantic partners would emerge from their bedrooms first. Each hoped their partner would win, giving them bragging rights for a whole year.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 2.	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re probably going to win. Sarah was a little late to rise his morning.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 3.	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I'm surprised not out here right now. He's been up since 6 AM. He said he couldn't sleep. He's been acting strange all morning, really all week.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 4.	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Probably because he was trying to keep it secret about Mom\u8217\'92s visit.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 5.	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That's what I thought, but he\u8217\'92s still acting weird, and there's no more secret.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 6.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn't worry about it. Sarah's not exactly herself this morning either.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 7.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Footsteps can be heard coming up the hall, and the winner is Evan. Sarah looks at Evan like he's crazy when he jumps up with joy as she is the first to arrive, and he has bragging rights for the year.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 8.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah had straight for the coffee pot to refill her cup.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 9.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Seconds later, Joe emerges from the hallway and heads straight for the coffee pot.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 10.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz and Evan say we've got a surprise for you. Joe and Sarah leaned back against the kitchen counter, interested but not quite caught up to the enthusiasm of Liz and Evan \endash  they were still in the wake-up process.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 11.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz grabs one curtain, and Evan holds the other. They nod to each other and simultaneously pull back their curtain to reveal the large patio doors with 8 inches of snow outside.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 12.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz is ecstatic, Evan is already crafting snowman designs in his mind.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 13.	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93see, I told you was going to snow today.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 14.	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz(runs to Joe and pops a big kiss on):}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93you did tell me that!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 15.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Moments later, a knock on the door.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 16.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 As though they were twins, Evan and Liz simultaneously said "moms here."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 17.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Now that the families all gathered, the gift opening can begin.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f5\fs18\b0\i0}