{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Continuing Evan's Profile, Part 2:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Romantic Relationships in College:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Although Evan doesn't perceive himself as a hopeless romantic, that is who he is. To love a woman romantically, he must feel that special chemystery with her that cannot be manufactured or faked.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Despite this, Evan doesn't like to be alone, so he still has relationships while waiting for that special connection. Before meeting Sarah, he had never experienced that unique chemical connection with anyone else.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Others would describe Evan as having had a handful of girlfriends during college before meeting Sarah. However, he never considered the women he went out with as girlfriends.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 If he took a liking to a college coed without being in love with her, he would start paying more attention to her. This special attention often misled these women into thinking he was their boyfriend. Although Evan vowed to never date two women at a time, when he entered into an intimate relationship with a woman he liked but didn't love, he considered it a friends-with-benefits relationship. To the woman, however, she thought Evan was now her boyfriend.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After a few months in one of these relationships, Evan started to pull out, inadvertently breaking the woman's heart. College relationships were more casual, so it was never overly dramatic.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Women assumed Evan had a fear of commitment, which wasn't true. He craved being in a committed relationship, but only if he was madly in love.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Introvert or Extrovert:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Labeling Evan as an introvert or extrovert would be a mistake. Emotional duress might make him appear as an introvert, but that wasn't his typical state.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Despite his popularity, affinity for meeting new people, and making friends, he might be considered an extrovert. But this wasn't the case.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan preferred avoiding drawing attention to himself. He wasn't popular by choice, but his looks and warm personality made him so.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Whether someone was the star quarterback or the worst student, Evan treated everyone kindly.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He humbly accepted his popularity, never becoming arrogant or allowing it to inflate his ego.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Character Arc:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Beginning:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Charismatic and physically fit, Evan struggles with shutting down during personal crises. He yearns for a profound connection that eludes him. }{\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Middle:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Meeting Sarah is a turning point. He experiences profound love and commitment. He becomes academically engaged and altruistic.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tendency to withdraw affects his relationship with Sarah. }{\f1\fs28\b1\i0 End:}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's transformation shows increased awareness of flaws. Tendency to shut down persists, adding complexity.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Engagement and marriage to Sarah symbolize commitment, but personal growth is imperfect, leading to ongoing challenges.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Character Description:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan Vaughn embodies the epitome of a romantic novel's male protagonist. Standing at 6'2" and weighing 200 pounds, his lean, muscular physique mirrors a professional athlete. His clean-cut medium-brown hair and hazel eyes complete the captivating look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's wardrobe effortlessly balances casual and formal styles, allowing him to switch from laid-back jeans and T-shirts to smart slacks and suits, while staying true to his style. As a personal trainer, he's passionate about fitness and engages in various activities like hiking, running, biking, and weight training.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Loyal, respectful, romantic, and polite, Evan's personality reflects the Hero archetype. He's non-confrontational and known for fidelity in relationships, a symbol of integrity and trust. However, his unwillingness to forgive his father and past trauma cause occasional withdrawal, leading to complex conflicts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A co-protagonist and Sarah's love interest, Evan's life changes when he meets her. Relationships with Guido, Liz, and friends are crucial too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's journey showcases personal growth, embracing love, and committing to values and dreams. He symbolizes transformation through love, forgiveness, and self-understanding.}}