{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b1 <$Scr_H::3>75 Words:<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Bridget, in her early fifties, hailed from Chicago and settled in Northern California. With medium-length brown hair streaked with silver, she embraced a conservative and practical style. Her warm brown eyes exuded kindness, and her wardrobe reflected her understated elegance. Divorced, and later remarried, Bridget maintained balanced relationships with her children, Liz and Evan, showcasing love without neediness.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b1 <$Scr_H::3>125 Words:<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Bridget, a woman in her early fifties, was defined by her graceful aging and timeless elegance. Born in Chicago and now residing in Northern California, she worked as an Assistant Manager at a clothing store. Her brown hair, subtly streaked with silver, and warm brown eyes portrayed kindness and sophistication. Bridget's fashion choices, favoring muted tones and practical designs, mirrored her conservative values. After divorcing Liz and Evan's father when they were children, she later found love and remarried. In her relationships with Liz and Evan, she exhibited an independent spirit, maintaining a genuine bond without any trace of neediness.}}