{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Name:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Diego }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Gender:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Male }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Age:}{\f0\fs28\b0  14 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Current Residence:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Farmlands of Central Illinois }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Character Description:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Diego Martinez, a 14-year-old Hispanic-American, embodies resilience and determination that belies his age. His dark brown hair is cut short and slightly messy, a testament to his active lifestyle. His expressive brown eyes reflect a mix of experiences beyond his years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Standing at 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'926\u8221\'94, Diego possesses a lean and wiry body, a result of the physically demanding life in the farmlands. His clothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 worn jeans paired with faded t-shirts and sturdy sneakers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 speaks of practicality and functionality over fashion. His appearance is a reflection of his upbringing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 humble, straightforward, and ready for hard work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's personality is a testament to his challenging background. His resilience shines through, a trait that has developed from facing adversity head-on. Resourcefulness is second nature to him; he knows how to make the most of limited resources and find solutions in the face of difficulties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Despite his circumstances, Diego's heart remains compassionate. He understands the struggles of others and is quick to extend empathy, particularly to those affected by the recent tornado. His determination is unwavering, and he's willing to put in the effort required to improve his own situation and that of his community.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Role in the Story:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Diego's role in the story is crucial. As a resident of the lower income farmlands hit hard by the tornado, he joins Evan and other volunteers in the cleanup project. His actions highlight the resilience and spirit of those who face adversity with courage and determination, making him a powerful symbol of hope and strength amidst challenges. The bond he forms with Evan over shared experiences of absent fathers adds depth to his character and their connection.}}