{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Summary 1 (125 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0  Diego Martinez, a 14-year-old Hispanic-American living in the farmlands of Central Illinois, embodies resilience and determination beyond his years. His physical appearance, with short, messy dark brown hair and expressive brown eyes, reflects his active lifestyle and the experiences he's endured. Standing at 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'926\u8221\'94, his lean frame tells a tale of hard work on the farm. Despite facing challenges, Diego's resourcefulness shines, allowing him to tackle difficulties head-on. His compassionate heart and unwavering determination set him apart, as he empathizes with others, especially those affected by a recent tornado. Diego's bond with Evan, formed through shared experiences of absent fathers, adds depth to his character, highlighting his role as a symbol of hope in the face of adversity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Summary 2 (75 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0  Diego Martinez, 14, embodies resilience and resourcefulness as a Hispanic-American in Central Illinois' farmlands. With short, messy dark brown hair and expressive brown eyes, his physical appearance reflects his active life. Standing at 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'926\u8221\'94, his lean frame speaks of hard work. Despite challenges, Diego's compassionate heart and determination shine. He's a symbol of hope, especially for those affected by a recent tornado. His bond with Evan, formed over shared experiences of absent fathers, adds depth to his character. In the cleanup project, Diego's role showcases his spirit amidst adversity, making him a beacon of courage and strength.}}