{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan paced impatiently in the living room, glancing at the clock and then at the bathroom door. Guido was taking even more time than usual, fussing over his hair and admiring himself in the mirror. He's probably trying to impress that new female trainer at the gym, Evan thought, his anxiety growing. He needed to leave for work, where a client session awaited him at 6 o'clock, but more importantly, he was eager to share his big news about Sarah with Guido.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 "Come on, Guido, hurry up!" Evan called out. "We're going to be late!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Guido's voice, laden with a tough, streetwise tone, called back, "Chill, bro! I'll be out in a sec."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan sighed, knowing that his excitement would be lost on Guido as long as he was preoccupied with his appearance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Eventually, Guido emerged, his dark brown hair gelled to perfection, wearing a flashy, v-neck shirt that revealed his tanned, muscular chest. The two friends rushed to Guido's well-worn Honda Civic, and they were on their way.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 As they drove, Evan began to relive his magical day with Sarah, excitement bubbling in his voice. Guido listened, one hand on the steering wheel and the other adjusting his heavy gold chain, his brow furrowing with concern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 "Dude, you're getting a bit obsessed with this girl," Guido finally said, his voice tinged with disbelief. "I've never seen you like this before."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's face flushed, and he began to plead with Guido for ideas on how to make the date special. Guido looked at his friend as if he had gone crazy, then started rattling off suggestions like candy, flowers, wine, and lingerie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan shot down each one, deeming them clich\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9 or inappropriate for a first date. His desperation grew, and Guido's irritation matched it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 "I don't know, dude, you're asking the wrong guy," Guido snapped, his patience wearing thin. "Get your act together, or she's going to ditch you ten minutes into the date. You better play cool like 'The Guido.'"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan sighed, knowing Guido had a point. He was acting over-enthusiastic, and Guido's advice, though crude, was rooted in some truth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 "Look bro, I'm glad you got a date with this girl," Guido continued, "But from what I hear, she's a bit mature for her age. She wants a cool, sophisticated dude. You better get your act together before Thursday."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Evan asked what that meant, and Guido explained that Sarah was rumored to be a high-class society girl who only dated older men. He suggested that Evan consider gifts like a Gucci purse, expensive shoes, or jewelry.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 As Guido pulled into the gym, Evan's eyes widened. "Jewelry! That's it! You're a genius, dude," he exclaimed, interrupting Guido.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Guido grinned, savoring the praise. "What are you going to get her?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 They got out of the car and headed to the entrance of the gym. Evan's face glowed with newfound inspiration. "I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not sure. I'll go to the mall tomorrow and look for inspiration."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 The two friends entered the gym, Guido's flashy appearance drawing rolled-eyes, and Evan's mind abuzz with possibilities. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b0\i0}