{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>At the heart of the warm, inviting dining room was a large wooden table, surrounded by six chairs. Sarah sat next to Evan, who was to her right. Across from Evan, another chair sat empty, but with no place setting to suggest it would be filled. At the opposite ends of the table, Liz was closest to Sarah while Joe sat near Evan. Directly across from Sarah, an empty chair awaited the arrival of a mystery guest. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>So we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be five<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , Sarah surmised, quickly calculating the seating arrangement in her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Like clockwork, the trio set into motion. With the turkey ready to be carved, Evan, Sarah, and Joe flowed through the small kitchen with a graceful efficiency. Sarah was amazed at how they navigated the space without a single collision. There was no dialogue, no verbal cues, yet everyone seemed to know their tasks by heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe was the first to break away, carving knife and large fork in hand, as Evan and Sarah carried bowls of sides to the table. Salad was portioned, wine was poured, and soon enough, Evan and Liz were seated. Joe continued to slice the turkey, and Liz began distributing the carved pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan grabbed the bowl of mashed potatoes and passed it to Sarah, who in turn handed it to Liz. Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plate was filled last, by Liz, while he focused on carving enough turkey for everyone to have at least two servings. He then tucked the turkey into the oven, set on low, to ensure that their late-arriving guest would enjoy a warm meal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After the raw, heartfelt bonding moment she shared with Liz moments ago, something shifted within Sarah almost imperceptibly. It was as if an internal switch had been flicked, automatically activating her years of etiquette training. Her spine stiffened, movements became deliberate, a veneer of politeness settling over her like a well-tailored coat. Composure, poise, always polite, whispered the voices of countless etiquette lessons. It was a quick, almost reflexive retreat into her more familiar, rigid self, a sanctuary built over years to ward off vulnerability. She looked on at Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s family\u8217\'92s warm interactions and, for a moment, realized how much effort it took to defy her own ingrained instincts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As everyone began to eat, Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone buzzed. \u8220\'93Our mystery guest will be here soon,\u8221\'94 he announced, smiling as he put the phone down. \u8220\'93Any guesses?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz touched her chin thoughtfully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm. I honestly have no idea. Did you meet some famous Chicago bear player on some remodel of his home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope! Better than that,\u8221\'94 Joe grinned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan looked shocked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better than a Chicago bear joining us for Christmas Eve dinner!? Did you meet my favorite Chicago Cubs pitcher, Lefty Loogan? You would be my hero for life if you invited him for dinner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe reveled in the suspense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope! You\u8217\'92re gonna like this guest even better than Lefty Loogan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled mischievously. \u8220\'93Wait a minute. I know who it is. It\u8217\'92s Liz\u8217\'92s favorite actor Harvey Hunksman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz threw a dinner roll at Evan, feigning indignation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a favorite actor. But if I did it certainly wouldn\u8217\'92t be anyone named Harvey Hunksman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan caught the roll effortlessly and took a bite, grinning. Sarah watched the spectacle, initially horrified at the casual food warfare. But their genuine joy quickly dissipated her discomfort. She found herself leaning into the scene, no longer wishing to escape it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Oh my, how I have changed,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, sensing Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hesitance, sought to include her. \u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re new here, but do you have any guesses?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really know many people that the three of you collectively know,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s ok. Your guesses can't be any worse than these clowns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan threw a roll back at Joe, mimicking the earlier exchange between him and Liz. Sarah leaned in, whispering to Evan, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s Guido, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m sure it\u8217\'92s not Guido; he\u8217\'92s in Philadelphia,\u8221\'94 Evan chuckled, causing Liz and Joe to join in the laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah felt a wave of relief, just as a knock on the door refocused everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. Joe was visibly proud of his secret as he walked to the door, instructing everyone to stay seated. With an air of dramatic flair, he opened the door but strategically positioned his body to block the view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah felt a surge of anticipation. Her heartbeat quickened, and she realized she was now emotionally invested in the mystery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Finally, Joe stepped aside, revealing the long-awaited guest.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}