{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Revealing the Mystery Guest<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 End:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>The energy remained high as the final details of Joe and Bridget's plan were revealed. With that joyous story coming to a close, Bridget turned her attention towards Sarah. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She took a motherly look at the woman who Evan had just professed his love for.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So this is 'the one'.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 Liz darted a look her mom's way signaling her that Sarah doesn't know that Evan called her the one.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Bridget }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (getting the message and quickly covering her misstep)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The one I've been hearing about so much lately.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (smiling politely)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose that would be me.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Bridget }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (Looking at Evan)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Madly in love you say?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (with full conviction and not a shred of doubt)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Madly, in love.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan replied emphasizing the word madly.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 While all this was happening, surreal, almost out of body experience. She had moved from complete observer to part observer and part participant.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Bridget }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (sitting directly across from Sarah, look straight at her, and asked with a calm, wamring tone)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How about you Sarah, are you madly in love with my son?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah thought to herself Man these people get right to business when it comes to this stuff. Sarah was shocked that she didn't feel awkward answering this question like she would have in the past, especially with someone she had met before, especially her boyfriends mom. But there was only one answer to her question.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (sincerely)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How could I not be? To answer your question, I am madly in love with your son.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz cupped her hands over her heart touched by Sarah's response. Evan gave Sarah a gentle kiss for her willingness to be vulnerable and express her love for him so openly.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Bridget shined a satisfied smile before she took a sip of wine and returned to eating her food. Which seemed to be assigned as everybody else followed her actions.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7}