{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 While Guido, Patti, Roxanne, continue working on the party, Evan takes a break to show his final GPA to Sarah.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Leading Context:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The school year has ended. Sarah finished at the top of her class. With Sarah's help, Evan ended his college career with a 3.2 GPA \endash  above the 3.0 he promises sister. This scene takes place the day after everyone has graduated.}
\par\pard\plain \sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Evan:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan's excitement is at a maximum level. On top of the fact that he is graduated with a 3.2 GPA, his excitement is enhanced as has plenty of surprises in store for Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Sarah:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah achieved her goals of graduating at the top of her class. However, instead of feeling pride, she had a feeling of nervousness and uneasiness. She sensed something ominous was going to happen on this night.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This scene set the stage for a night Sarah will never forget. Before the night was over, Sarah would be engaged to Evan, awarded a plaque for graduating at the top of her class and given an ultimatum by her father.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \li30320\fi-21040\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 This scene set the stage for a night Sarah will never forget. Before the night was over, Sarah would be engaged to Evan, awarded a plaque for graduating at the top of her class and given an ultimatum by her father.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}