{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah turned off her phone with a heavy sigh and placed it inside her purse, which she then zipped up and hid away in the corner closet. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>It has to be out of sight, she thought, sinking onto her bed, or else I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be tempted to break my promise again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 How could I work when I said I wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  She replayed the moment in her mind--replying to emails and texts, all while Evan and his family were in the other room. She felt humiliated. Her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words echoed in her mind: \u8220\'93Without your integrity, you\u8217\'92re nothing.\u8221\'94 And in that moment, Sarah felt like exactly that--nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember the last time she\u8217\'92d betrayed her own principles. There would be no repercussions; no one would know. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>But that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not the point,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she admonished herself.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> I would know.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Sarah realized that her only path to redemption was confessing to Evan, and Liz too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Taking a fortifying breath, Sarah opened the door and stepped out. She moved down the hallway, her heart pounding louder with each step, and stopped when she saw Evan and Liz engrossed in a cheerful conversation. Her entrance disrupted their chat. She approached Evan, her head bowed and stopped just in front of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did a bad thing,\u8221\'94 Sarah murmured, her voice tinged with childlike vulnerability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan and Liz exchanged a knowing glance, smiling at her sincerity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did? What bad did you do?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, his tone gentle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I replied to many emails and texts,\u8221\'94 she lifted her eyes to meet his. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry. Will you please forgive me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His eyes softened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I forgive you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do?\u8221\'94 Relief washed over her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re doing work for a good cause, Sarah. It matters to the people you help, and it matters to me,\u8221\'94 Evan reassured her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Overwhelmed, Sarah threw her arms around him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re amazing. I love you so much!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just then, Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice boomed from the balcony, needing help with the turkey. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll work out the details tomorrow,\u8221\'94 Evan said. \u8220\'93But for tonight, can we agree to no work unless it\u8217\'92s an emergency?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, we can agree,\u8221\'94 Sarah beamed, watching Evan leave to assist Joe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Left alone with Liz, she suddenly remembered her snide comment about ugly Christmas sweaters. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t made a very good first impression, have I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What matters most,\u8221\'94 Liz said, lifting Sarah\u8217\'92s chin tenderly, \u8220\'93is that you told Evan you loved him. And it was clear that you meant it. Right now, I consider you a member of our family.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah hugged Liz, the warmth of acceptance filling her. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d felt many things since she\u8217\'92d come here, but now she felt something new and vital--she felt loved.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m part of something bigger,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, her heart swelling, }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>and it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s beautiful.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}