{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\li53903\fi-37404\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 It was the day after college graduation. Evan had taken a break from his duties helping set up the graduation party to secretly meet with Sarah's parents. He invited them under the pretense that he was presenting Sarah with a plaque honoring her top of class ranking. While that was true, the real reason he invited them was so they could be there to see him propose. This scene started with Evan meeting the parents before Sarah has a chance to see that there there.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan's excitement was at a maximum level. Oblivious to the fact that Sarah's parents are not going to approve of his upcoming surprise proposal, Evan is ecstatic about the evening.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah's parents:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Sarah's parents don't know what to make of Evan. Nor do they know what to make of his relationship with their daughter. Their emotional state at the moment is curious and suspecting.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This scene set the stage for what will become a source of conflict between Sarah and her parents before the evening ends.}}