{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 He sat at his computer, staring at the unresponded message he had sent a week ago. A sinking feeling gnawed at his chest, pulling him into a state of unease. }{\f0\fs28\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Why hasn't she responded?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs28\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>We used to talk every day, and now she's gone silent. <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0 Memories of laughter, shared secrets, and warm friendship flickered through his mind, contrasting sharply with the cold emptiness of the screen. He tried to brush off the thought that something might've happened to her, but it kept creeping back, intertwining with a more unsettling fear. }{\f0\fs28\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Maybe she doesn't want to talk to me anymore. Maybe our friendship has faded into the past, and I'm the only one clinging to it.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  The cursor blinked, like a taunting reminder of their growing distance, and he felt lost, adrift in the silence that had settled between them.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Relief washed over him as a notification finally appeared on his screen. It was her response. His heart, which had been clenched tight with worry, began to uncoil as he read her words. She had seen his message while she was shopping, and she'd simply forgotten to reply.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs28\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>An oversight. Just an oversight,<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  he repeated to himself, a mixture of joy and lingering confusion swirling within him. How had something so simple, so mundane, turned into a source of such distress? He realized that the void left by their fading friendship had been filled with insecurities and doubts, magnifying every small misstep into a possible catastrophe. A smile tugged at his lips as he started to type back, gratitude and warmth flowing through his fingers. They were still connected, still friends, and a forgotten message wouldn't change that.}{ }}