{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah felt Evan's lips part from hers, a bittersweet touch that left her yearning and fulfilled at the same time. They were in the living room, the air rich with the scents of the season: wreaths that Liz had hung, the fresh pine of the Christmas tree, and the warm aroma of holiday-scented candles. The love and acceptance from Evan's family had wrapped her in a warm cocoon, making the evening feel like a dreamscape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Hand in hand, they moved toward the guest bedroom. Each step was an echo of the blissful evening,\~The warmth of Evan's family--his mother's nurturing tone, Joe's sense of humor, Liz's easy camaraderie, the look of pride upon Evan's face--filled her, each experience an emotional thread woven through the tapestry of the\~evening Sarah's mind replayed these moments, like a cherished film she could watch on a loop. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As they neared the room, she replayed the moment she'd handed Liz her phone and laptop for safekeeping--a willing disconnection from the outside world. It was as if she'd unplugged from one reality and plugged into another, one radiant with warmth and love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When they reached the guest room, Evan went to his suitcase to fetch his toothbrush and toothpaste. Meanwhile, Sarah stood motionless in the center of the room. Evan flashed her a loving grin. "I'm off to brush my teeth. You want to go first?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His voice was a gentle ripple across the still waters of her mind. She didn't--couldn't--respond. Her senses were alive, intensely so, as if the very fibers of her being vibrated at a higher frequency. Evan's eyebrows knitted together in a momentary confusion but then he shrugged, interpreting her silence as acquiescence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan stepped out, Sarah floated more than walked to the closet. She reached for a T-shirt and shorts to serve as her nightwear. The fabrics whispered against her fingers, akin to the caress of velvet petals, or the fur of a kitten. Her feet sank into the carpet; it was as though she walked on a cloud--each fiber cushioning her, cherishing her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Colors radiated their essence to her. The beige of the carpet shimmered like golden sand, and the blues and greens of the hanging dresses sang ocean songs. Sound, however, was a muted symphony, like the world had hushed its breath, making room for this expansive yet intimate moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It was all so vivid, so real yet surreal. There had been a time--scuba diving in the Bahamas--where she'd experienced something close to this serenity, this vivid saturation of life. But even that paled, evaporated like morning mist under the radiant sun of her current state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Time slipped through her fingers. Evan was back, almost as if he'd never left. Her clothes were changed, but the transition was lost in the haze of her euphoria. His lips moved, words shaping in the air between them. She understood their meaning--sort of--but they seemed to float around her, unable to penetrate her blissful fog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Can you manage from here?" Evan asked, handing her a toiletry bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She managed a nod, enough to send him satisfied back to the bedroom. Sarah wandered into the bathroom, her hands finding a bowl of potpourri on the sink. Her nose took in the individual symphonies of lavender, citrus, and pine, every note pure and clear. Then she found an unlit candle; its essence of almonds and vanilla was a lingering hug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her fingers brushed the plush towels, marveling at the cotton that felt softer than a newborn's skin. Even the faucet drew her in. The cool metal felt impossibly smooth, like a silk ribbon frozen in time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah made her way back into the bedroom, her nightly routine--whatever it was--forgotten in this blissful oblivion. Evan's voice started to seep through the veil, his repetitions of her name becoming louder, more urgent, like far-off waves gathering force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Yet Sarah remained, for now, adrift in her own sea of vivid sensations and overpowering emotions, not yet ready to return to the shore of reality.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}