{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah dashed out of the library, her heart hammering as her earbuds thrummed a fast beat that matched her urgency. Her frantic thoughts echoed around the consequences of tardiness. Late for class. Again. The sun streamed down, painting the library's concrete steps in sharp relief, a chasm she seemed destined to tumble into, oblivious and in too much of a hurry to care.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A distant shout echoed around her. A man's voice, strong and steady. "Hey, lady in the skirt suit!" A murmur of chuckles rose around her. Yet, the warning, laced with a tinge of humor, didn't permeate the bubble of her preoccupied mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Then, out of nowhere, he was there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Evan. A streak of motion blurred into her peripheral vision, too late for her to process. He was nothing more than a stranger, just another face in the crowd before today, but he seemed determined to change that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He reached her, his hands fastening around her waist just in time. The world twirled, a dizzying spin that sent her body arching back against his, as if they were dancers in a grand ballroom rather than students in front of a bustling library. She felt her briefcase, purse, and their contents scatter. Her glasses slipped from her nose, tumbling to the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As she leaned back, her hair, previously constrained in a strict bun, cascaded around her, a curtain of soft curls brushing the ground. Evan's grip on her tightened. As she met his gaze, she saw surprise flicker across his features, quickly replaced by something softer, warmer. Recognition, perhaps.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I feel like I should kiss you," he said, his voice a soft murmur that tugged at the edges of her consciousness. The world seemed to slow down, her impending lateness fading to a distant worry. She found herself smiling. "I am not going to stop you."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They kissed. A moment of warmth and connection amidst the chaos. After the kiss, Evan lifted her back to her feet. As if waking from a dream, the realization of her lateness crashed back onto her. She scrambled for her scattered belongings, with Evan's help.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "What's your name?" he asked, his voice calm against her frantic actions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I have to go. I'm late!" she blurted out, hardly thinking about her words.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "That's a strange name," Evan chuckled, his words sending an unexpected ripple of humor through her. But she had no time for humor, or names, or handsome strangers who kissed her in front of libraries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah took off, leaving her broken glasses behind. She heard Evan call out to her, but she didn't turn back. She couldn't. She left him there, glasses in hand and a grin on his face, a promise hanging in the air of a future encounter that felt as inevitable as it was unforeseen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The writing style used in this scene was Deep POV (Point of View), focusing on Sarah's perspective to immerse the reader in her thoughts, feelings, and sensory experiences.}}