{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-21040\li30320\lin30320}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-28053\li40427\lin40427}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-21040\li30320\lin30320}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan and A Few Friends Volunteer<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan gathered Guido, Patti, Roxanne, and friends to volunteer for cleaning debris in central Illinois following a tornado. Sarah took the helm as the lead event coordinator, working for the nonprofit organization "Home Is Where the Heart Is." Together, they turned a time of devastation into a period of community and healing, all working towards restoring the farmlands.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In an earlier chapter, at a fundraiser EVENT organized by Sarah, Evan had met the founder, Marcus Chamberlain,  of the nonprofit organization "Home Is Where the Heart Is." Marcus asked if Evan was interested in volunteering for an upcoming project. The project involved cleanup after a tornado had ripped through the farmlands of central Illinois a few weeks prior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Not only did Evan enthusiastically agree to volunteer his time, he told Marcus he intended to recruit a handful of his close friends to volunteer their Saturday as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Grateful for Evan's offer, Marcus offered to pull Chicago Bears football tickets out of the auction, and give the four football tickets to Evan if he was able to recruit his friends, especially Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The humor in that scene was in regards to Evan explaining that he can get Guido to volunteer his time, as long as there were adult single women at the event and a six-pack of beer awaited him(Guido) after a job well done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene picks up on a Saturday, two weeks after the fundraising event.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Farmlands of central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene started in the morning on a Saturday, and ended at sunset the same day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Typical partly sunny, chilly fall day in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Marcus, Evan, Guido<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie, Patti, Roxanne, and other volunteers<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan and his friends: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Energized<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Neutral. Sarah had attended many such events. Her role was always as either lead event coordinator, or assistant event coordinator. Today was just business as usual for Sarah. Her role was to make sure the days activities went smoothly, and that the volunteers were all fed and cared for properly.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Katie: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sorry she's late, but happy to help.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Give a vivid description of the devastation suffered by a small area of farmland with old houses and barns incapable of withstanding tornado force winds. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1022\fi-288\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah and Marcus are discussing the plans for the Saturday project to help clean up the debris from a tornado that ravaged the farmlands of central Illinois. Approximate time. 8 AM.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 While they are finalizing the details, Evan, Guido, Patti, Roxanne, and a few other friends bring high energy as they walked toward Sarah and Marcus.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 On the way from the parking area, Guido is pointing out all of the "hot chicks" that have volunteered. A promise of single adult females was half of the lure to get Guido to volunteer. He reminded Evan that the second lure was a six-pack of beer and asked where it was. Evan told him there's two cases of beer chilling in their apartment fridge. No drinking until after the job was done, and there's enough beer their friends at volunteered.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan was more interested in Sarah. The side of her instantly brings a smile to his face as he walks toward her planning to give her a big hug and a kiss.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah looks up as Evan is about 50 feet away from her, and knows that he's gonna want to engage in some PDA. She subtly nods no to him, because although she's become more comfortable with PDA around friends and campus, PDA in the public workplace is not appropriate. Evan gets the message, and stays back with his friends. He wasn't upset, he understood.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 6.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Marcus and Sarah are finishing up, when Marcus sees Evan and his group of friends. He's only heard of Guido the one time, but instantly knows. Marcus walks up to Evan and shakes his hand and says "It's great to see you again. I see brought your crew with you. He looks at Guido put out his hand, and says you must be Guido."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 7.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 They shake hands and Guido said "Damn right I am."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 8.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan apologizes for his embarrassing friend. But Marcus just laughs it off and said he would expect nothing less from Guido.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 9.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Marcus pulls out four Bears tickets and hands them to Evan. A reward Marcus had promised Evan if he brought a handful of his friends to volunteer.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 10.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido was crazy excited, and said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better get one of those!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 11.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Roxanne, still not liking Sarah chimed in and sarcastically said something like "I'm pretty sure he's going to take his girlfriend."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 12.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah unfazed by Roxanne's passive-aggressive attitude, said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you should 4 should go. Football is not really my thing, and I know you guys will have a great time.\u8221\'94 Evan asked her if she was sure, and she said she was.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1022\fi-288\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Marcus made a 10 minute updating all volunteers, not just Evan and his friends, on exactly how the damage happened and thanking them for volunteering. He then handed the reins over to Sarah and left the area. He had other meetings to attend to.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 A well-prepared Sarah, gave everyone their assignments. She laid out her plans and goals for the day. He told everybody the schedule for lunch and explained that sunset would be the ending time for the work.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She handed out work gloves and hardhats.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She asked anyone needed anything. No one seemed to need anything. She gave everyone her mobile phone number in case they needed something later.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Just as she was finishing up, Katie came sprinting up to help volunteer. She was running a little late.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 6.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 There was high energy as the volunteers seemed excited about the good cause ahead, even if the work was going to be strenuous.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 End: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li1022\fi-288\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Katie apologize profusely for being late and asked, Sarah "what did I miss?"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah laughed and was not about to repeat everything she and Marcus just said, so she told Katie to follow her, handed her gloves and a hard hat and told her to work with Evan and his friends, and they can fill her in on what she needs to do.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 However, she asked Katie for help her go buy food and refreshments for the volunteers at 11 AM. It was a lot to carry for one person. Katie enthusiastically agreed to Sarah's request.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene is a set up scene for the rest of the chapter. It establishes the characters that will be involved in the following scenes of the chapter, and establishes that Katie will first be working with Evan and his friends, getting to know them, and then helping Sarah get food and refreshments for everyone. These issues become relevant later in this chapter and later in the book.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Another important objective of this scene is to show that Sarah is not a "in the trenches" volunteer. While she put in more volunteer hours and anyone, it's behind the scenes and often people think that she doesn't work hard because on the day of the event she's not doing the dirty work.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah's clipboard.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Hardhats.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Gloves.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Bears football tickets.<!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This is just a rough outline of the scene. This is a first draft. Even though information is limited, use your full discretion to write a compelling scene, including dialogue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::8>}}