{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Katie was about to open her mouth to dive into another subject, the familiar buzz of her cell phone diverted her attention. She quickly glanced at the screen, her eyebrows arching slightly. "Oh, it's Nicole, my hairstylist," she explained. "She wants to confirm our appointment and she needs a picture of you to start making a plan for your makeover."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah blinked in surprise but then smiled in response. "Alright, let's do it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie quickly captured a picture of Sarah, her fingers flying over the phone as she sent the image to Nicole. Within moments, Nicole responded with a flurry of excited emojis, already expressing her eagerness to work on Sarah's transformation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie asked, "So altogether, including new clothes and hairstylist, what kind of budget are we talking?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No budget constraints, you're in charge!" Sarah said with a playful grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes lit up at this and she squealed, clapping her hands in excitement. "Really? Oh, this is going to be so much fun!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The energy in the room was effervescent, reflecting off Sarah as her own excitement began to bubble up. It was new, this anticipation of a date, of being made over, of possibly breaking her own rules, but it was an invigorating feeling that Sarah welcomed.}}