{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s alarm blared for the third time that morning. It was already 11 AM, and he had snoozed the alarm repeatedly. On a typical Saturday, he would be up by 8 o'clock for a morning jog and workout. But today was different. A shadow of disappointment hung heavily over him; he hadn't found Sarah since their kiss two days ago. Even a Friday night Cubs\u8217\'92 victory couldn't lift his spirits. Feeling helpless, he'd earlier asked Guido to cover his client training sessions for the afternoon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a sigh, Evan finally pushed himself out of bed, feeling the weight of desperation settle on him. He needed advice, guidance. He needed the reassuring voice of the person who was always there for him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his sister, Liz. Grabbing his phone, he dialed her number and waited, his heart thumping in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 Liz's voice came through, feigning ignorance of the caller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Liz, do you have a few minutes to talk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, who is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, it\u8217\'92s Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, that name doesn\u8217\'92t ring a bell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan couldn't help but smile, despite his downer mood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit teasing. It\u8217\'92s Evan Vaughn, your brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, now I remember. It\u8217\'92s been forever since I\u8217\'92ve heard from my little brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only been a couple of weeks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Six weeks, to be exact. What's up? Are you feeling okay? Are you still having those energy drop issues?\u8221\'94 Liz's concern was genuine, her voice tinged with worry. Evan could feel it even through the phone, and he knew she was nagging him out of love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No, I haven't had any problems," he replied, brushing off her concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I wish you would go to the doctor and get checked out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You know how I feel about most doctors. They get kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies. They're chomping at the bit to prescribe prolonged medication when all that is needed is a proper diet and exercise routine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their conversation continued, filled with the familiar back-and-forth teasing and banter that marked their relationship. Liz's insistence on Evan seeing a doctor, Evan's trust in his own body and belief in the corruption of the medical field. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 But beneath their playful jabs, Evan's heart ached. He needed Liz's encouragement and wisdom to help him navigate his confusion over Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Finally, he broached the subject. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I called to talk about, girls. Well, one girl in particular. I think she\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up. \u8220\'93The one? Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Evan recounted his chance encounter and the unforgettable kiss, his voice trembled with excitement and frustration. He described his desperate attempts to find Sarah, his fruitless searches, his sinking feeling that he might never see her again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz listened patiently, offering her wisdom and encouragement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t worry too much. You know what I always say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s meant to be, it will be,\u8221\'94 Evan said, repeating her words as if he'd heard them a million times before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their conversation flowed effortlessly, filled with shared laughter, understanding, and support. Liz's words pumped up Evan, filled him with renewed confidence and determination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You're right! I'm not gonna be pathetic, desperately seeking Sarah. We are meant to be, and the universe will bring her to me again,\u8221\'94 he declared, feeling a surge of optimism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That just proves how awesome my sister is. I never would've met her if you didn't make me promise to keep my grades up,\u8221\'94 he added, gratitude warming his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After more teasing, they said their goodbyes, and Evan felt a weight lift off his shoulders. Liz had been the beacon he needed, guiding him back to hope and trust in the future. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He hung up the phone, his heart lighter, his spirit renewed. A now confident Evan texted Guido, letting him know that he didn't need him to cover his client sessions. He felt great, and he knew, deep in his soul, that he would find Sarah again.}}