{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's alarm clock rang for the sixth time that Saturday morning, its blaring tone a grating reminder of his current state of distress. It was already 11 AM, and on any typical weekend, he would have been up by 8 for a morning jog followed by a workout. But this wasn't a typical Saturday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Images of Sarah's face flashed through his mind, the lingering taste of their kiss from two days ago still fresh on his lips. He'd spent hours on a rainy Friday looking for her, to no avail. Even the Cubs' victory the night before hadn't lifted his spirits. He felt helpless and unmotivated, hitting snooze on his alarm again and again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Around 9 AM, he'd asked Guido to cover his client training sessions for the afternoon, a request sent with a heavy sigh. His mind kept wandering to Sarah, that elusive girl he'd literally bumped into, kissed, and then lost. Unable to shake the feeling of desperation, he picked up his phone and dialed the one person who always had his back: his sister, Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hello?" Liz's voice came through the phone, pretending she didn't know who the caller was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hey, Liz, do you have a few minutes to talk?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm sorry, who is this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Um, it's Evan."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hmm, that name doesn't ring a bell."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Quit teasing. It's Evan Vaughn, your brother."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz's laughter was a welcome sound. "Oh, now I remember. It's been forever since I've heard from my little brother."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "It's only been a couple of weeks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Six weeks, to be exact. What's up? Are you feeling okay? Are you still having those energy drop issues?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A pang of annoyance creased Evan's forehead. In the last year or two, his once-steady energy had begun to waver, with sudden drops that sometimes lasted days. Liz often nagged him about it, though her concern was genuine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No, I haven't had any problems."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I wish you would go to the doctor and get checked out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You know how I feel about most doctors," Evan retorted, frustration edging his voice. "They get kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies. They're chomping at the bit to prescribe prolonged medication when all that is needed is a proper diet and exercise routine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You and your fear of doctors. I'll never understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I've seen more than one friend or family get addicted to prescribed painkillers and antidepressants. You've seen it too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The conversation continued, with Liz expressing her concern and Evan brushing it off. They teased each other, never truly angry, but the underlying tension was there. Finally, Evan changed the subject to the reason for his call: Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I called to talk about, girls. Well, one girl in particular. I think she\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up. \u8220\'93The one? Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The conversation shifted to a more exciting and passionate tone as Evan described the enchanting girl he'd met and the kiss that had left him breathless. Liz's encouragement and teasing remarks brought a smile back to Evan's face, her words lifting his spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm proud of you for not pushing yourself on her. But then, why did she run?" Liz asked, concern in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I wish I knew. Guido thinks she has a boyfriend, but I said no way that's true. I think she ran because she was late for class. At least, I hope that was the reason. I waited for her to return, but she never showed. I returned the next day, and still, she didn't show."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz's wisdom and support guided Evan through his frustration and desperation. She reminded him to have faith, to believe in destiny, and to not lose himself in obsessive searching. Her confidence and assurance infused Evan with newfound optimism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You're right! I'm not gonna be pathetic, desperately seeking Sarah. We are meant to be, and the universe will bring her to me again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Now that's the Evan I know! I know you're going to find her. I've never heard you call any girl 'the one.' And I'm proud you met her on the way to the library!" They both laughed at the library comment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their conversation ended on a high note, with Evan's spirits lifted and his determination renewed. Liz's love and care had brought him back to himself, grounding him in reality while allowing him to dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Take care, little brother. Promise you'll call me if you have any more energy drop episodes?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll call you. Gotta run; love you, sis!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I love you too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Energized and confident, Evan quickly sent a text to Guido, letting him know that he no longer needed him to cover his client sessions. He felt great, filled with hope, and ready to face the world.}}