{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s alarm blared for the third time that morning. It was already 11 AM, and he had snoozed the alarm repeatedly. On a typical Saturday, he would be up by 8 o'clock for a morning jog and workout. But today was different. A shadow of disappointment hung heavily over him; he hadn't found Sarah since their kiss two days ago. Even a Friday night Cubs\u8217\'92 victory couldn't lift his spirits. Feeling helpless, he'd earlier asked Guido to cover his client training sessions for the afternoon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a sigh, Evan finally pushed himself out of bed, feeling the weight of desperation settle on him. He needed advice, guidance. He needed the reassuring voice of the person who was always there for him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his sister, Liz. Grabbing his phone, he dialed her number and waited, his heart thumping in his chest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan called Liz, holding the phone to his ear, the anticipation in his chest almost painful.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hello?" Liz's voice was playful, pretending she didn't recognize the caller.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hey, Liz, do you have a few minutes to talk?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm sorry, who is this?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Um, it's Evan."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hmm, that name doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ring a bell."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan couldn't help but smile, despite his downer mood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit teasing. It\u8217\'92s Evan Vaughn, your brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Oh, now I remember. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been forever since I\u8217\'92ve heard from my little brother."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only been a couple of weeks."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Six weeks, to be exact. What's up? Are you feeling okay? Are you still having those energy drop issues?" Liz's concern came through, making Evan feel as if she were nagging him again. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No, I haven't had any problems," he replied, brushing off her concern.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I wish you would go to the doctor and get checked out."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You know how I feel about most doctors. They get kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies. They're chomping at the bit to prescribe drugs when most of the all that is needed is proper diet and exercise."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You and your fear of doctors. I'll never understand."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I've seen more than one friend or family get addicted to prescribed painkillers and antidepressants. You've seen it too."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm asking you to go to the doctor, not get addicted to painkillers."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm fine, Liz. Please stop worrying. We have to get a physical every six months for work, and I just got mine a few weeks ago. I got a clean bill of health."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I would've known that if you had called me," Liz teased.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I\u8217\'92ve been busy with school and work\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And sports and parties and girls,\u8221\'94 Liz interrupted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I called to talk about, girls. Well, one girl in particular. I think she\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz's ears perked up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one? Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I literally bumped into her on the way to the library. She was in a rush and headed for a hard fall. I was lucky enough to get there in the knick of time before she hit the ground. Next thing I know, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re kissing. Oh my God, Liz. It was the best kiss of my life."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The conversation continued, with Liz's warmth and optimism washing over Evan, easing his distress. They laughed, teased, and comforted each other. Liz's words, both empowering and confident, pumped Evan up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You're right! I'm not gonna be pathetic, desperately seeking Sarah. We are meant to be, and the universe will bring her to me again," he declared, newfound determination in his voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Now that's the Evan I know! I know you're going to find her. I've never heard you call any girl 'the one.' And I'm proud you met her on the way to the library!" Liz's laugh was infectious, and Evan joined in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The call ended with promises and affectionate farewells. Evan's heart felt lighter, a buoyant energy replacing the morning's despair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A now confident Evan texted Guido, his fingers flying over the keys, "I don't need you to cover my client sessions. I feel great!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The bedroom, once a place of frustration and desolation, now hummed with hope and determination. Evan knew that if it was meant to be, it would be, and he believed it would be. He was ready to face the day, no longer burdened by doubt, but driven by optimism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 **Author's Style:** The scene is written in a descriptive, emotional prose that highlights the characters' thoughts and feelings, adding depth to the existing dialogue. Through careful attention to sensory details and internal thoughts, the scene paints a vivid picture of Evan's emotions, his relationship with his sister Liz, and sets up subtle hints for the future subplot of Evan's undiagnosed disease. The narrative maintains a balance between dialogue and descriptive elements, adhering to a third-person limited perspective from Evan's point of view.}}