{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's alarm went off at 11 AM, a harsh reminder of the day that lay ahead. Though it was Saturday, a day typically filled with morning jogs and workouts, Evan felt an overwhelming lack of motivation to get up. He had already snoozed the alarm multiple times. The Cubs' victory the previous night hadn't managed to lift his spirits, nor could it quench the gnawing disappointment he felt about not finding Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Just the day before, he had stood waiting for her in the rain, but she never appeared. The day before that, he had kissed her, and since then, he hadn't been able to find her. He had asked Guido, around 9 AM during one of the many snooze alarms, to cover his client training sessions for the afternoon, feeling helpless about how to find the girl who had suddenly become so central to his life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 *She kissed me, and then she ran away without even giving her name*, he thought, frustration mounting within him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Feeling a desperate need for guidance, he made a phone call to the person who was always there for him: his sister, Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan called Liz, his fingers trembling slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hello?" Liz's voice came through, feigning ignorance about the caller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hey, Liz, do you have a few minutes to talk?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm sorry, who is this?" Liz continued her teasing act.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Um, it's Evan."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hmm, that name doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ring a bell."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Quit teasing. It's Evan Vaughn, your brother."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Oh, now I remember. It's been forever since I've heard from my little brother."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "It's only been a couple of weeks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Six weeks, to be exact. What's up? Are you feeling okay? Are you still having those energy drop issues?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A tinge of concern in Liz's voice made Evan slightly uncomfortable. He'd been experiencing periods of significant energy drops in the last year or two, sometimes lasting a couple of hours, sometimes a couple of days. It was a concern he often dismissed, but Liz never failed to ask about his health, almost to the point of nagging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No, I haven't had any problems."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I wish you would go to the doctor and get checked out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You know how I feel about most doctors. They get kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies. They're chomping at the bit to prescribe prolonged medication when all that is needed is a proper diet and exercise routine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You and your fear of doctors. I'll never understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I've seen more than one friend or family get addicted to prescribed painkillers and antidepressants. You've seen it too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm just asking you to go to the doctor, not get addicted to painkillers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm fine, Liz. Please stop worrying. We have to get a physical every six months for work, and I just got mine a few weeks ago. I got a clean bill of health."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I would've known that if you had called me," Liz teased, and Evan could almost hear her smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I\u8217\'92ve been busy with school and work \endash  \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Interrupting him, Liz added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And sports and parties and girls.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I called to talk about, girls. Well, one girl in particular. I think she\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up. \u8220\'93The one? Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan poured out the story, his words stumbling over each other in his excitement and distress. He spoke of the kiss, the rush of feelings, the way she had run away without a word. Liz listened, asking questions, giving support, and gently teasing him about meeting a girl on the way to the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I know it's hard to be patient," she finally said, her tone shifting to one of empowering confidence. "But I'm telling you, Evan, the harder you look, the less likely that you'll find her. When you stop looking, she'll appear. That's just how these things work."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz's words pumped Evan up. They laughed together, teased, and for a while, his concerns were forgotten. The conversation ended on a high note, Liz's confidence in him boosting his own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You're right! I'm not gonna be pathetic, desperately seeking Sarah. We are meant to be, and the universe will bring her to me again," Evan declared, feeling invincible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I love you too," Liz said before they hung up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A now confident Evan quickly texted Guido, his fingers flying over the keys: *I don't need you to cover my client sessions. Feeling great!*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The optimism in his heart overshadowed the lingering concerns about his health. He knew, deep inside, that if it was meant to be with Sarah, it would be. He believed it would be.}}