{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan sat in the lavish lobby of The Grandeur Hotel, his heart racing with both excitement and nerves. The surroundings dripped with opulence, from the sparkling chandeliers to the plush velvet furniture. He glanced at his phone, anticipating Sarah's instructions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A text buzzed in, guiding him to the open bar of he Grand Ballroom on the third floor. His eyes widened at her consideration - his own hotel room, free drinks, no concerns about driving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He made his way through the opulent hallways, eyes widening at the sheer luxury of it all. Gold-colored elevators carried him to the grand ballroom, large enough to host hundreds of dining guests. His eyes scanned the room, finally landing on Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 There she was, tall and blonde, bouncing around the room, directing staff with authority and grace. He was captivated, seeing her in her element.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>I've never seen her like this. She's incredible.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He approached the bar, uncertainty tugging at him. The bartender, a woman in her 30s, seemed approachable, her smile warm and friendly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"First time at an event like this?"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Is it that obvious?" <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"A little bit. But Sarah told me you'd be coming. I'm going to guess that you're Evan." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "That I am,"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Sarah vouched for your age, so I won't bug you for an ID. What's your poison?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "I have no idea what to order at a place like this. I don't want wine or beer. Any suggestions?"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The bartender's smile widened as she whipped up a drink. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"This'll help loosen up your nerves, but I would take it slow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "What's in it?" <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he asked curiously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Sarah tells me you're in college. Although the drinks are free here, I figured I'd make you something you can afford when you return home. It's a Jack and Coke."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan took a small sip, his eyes lighting up. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"I like it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "I thought you might. Just take it easy there, college boy. You don't want to embarrass Sarah on her big night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "Have you known Sarah long?"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he asked, intrigued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"For about a year. I'm her first choice to tend bar for her fundraisers. She's a great boss."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "She is?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "Don't get me wrong, she is tough. She makes it clear what she expects; if you don't deliver, you're out. She doesn't take crap from anyone. But if you're good at your job, do what she asks of you without any attitude, she treats you well and makes sure that you get paid well."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "I had no idea. I've been amazed watching her bounce around the room,"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan said, admiration in his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"That girl is versatile. Once the party starts, she works the room like a pro."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed, intrigued.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> "I'm not sure what that means."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The bartender laughed in return. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"It means she knows how to squeeze the dollars out of even the stingiest misers. I'm glad she'll have someone beside her tonight to stave off the wolves."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "Wolves?}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan asked, concern creeping in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Don't get me wrong, Sarah can hold her own with anyone in the room. She finds a way to shoo them away while still getting them to empty their pocketbooks through donations or overpaying on auction items."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "Who does she shoo away?" <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan asked, fascination growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The bartender laughed loudly. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"About half the guys you're going to see tonight. Mostly older men, some of them married."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her laughter died down as she saw Evan's worried expression.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> "Don't worry, their money doesn't impress Sarah. She may let them think they have a shot with her, but she always keeps it professional. She's a pro."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 "So you're telling me I don't have anything to worry about?" <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he asked, hope in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>You have nothing to worry about! Sarah's not one to share details of her personal life, but when she mentioned you were coming to the event, her face lit up in a way I've never seen before."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The words sank into Evan's heart, solidifying what he already felt deep down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>She cares about me. And I'm in love with her.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They continued to chat until Sarah spotted Evan and approached the bar. Her eyes twinkled with excitement, and her smile warmed his soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"The usual?" <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 the bartender asked Sarah, who nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the bartender served up Sarah's wine, she gave Evan a welcoming, gentle hug, a silent promise of a beautiful night ahead. They exchanged smiles, and Evan knew, without a doubt, that he was where he was meant to be.}}