{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Here is the updated outline.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Outline: <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - A Budding Romance}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0100 Everything is on Track for Sarah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Tucked away in her academic haven, sipping her favorite couple coffee, listening to a compelling audio seminar, reflecting on how smoothly her carefully orchestrated college plan is gone, college Senior Sarah Wilkins is blissfully unaware of the unforeseen encounter that will alter the course of her day, her semester, and perhaps her life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0101 Sarah is Late for Class}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     In the unique setting of an underground library, Sarah Wilkins loses track of time while engrossed in an audio seminar. Realizing she's late for teaching her Business-101 class, she quickly packs her belongings and rushes toward the library's exit, her seminar still playing in her ears. The scene ends as she reaches the stairs, setting the stage for a chain of unforeseen events.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0105 Evan and Guido in the Quad}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan and Guido are playing Frisbee in the Quad. Evan decides to head to the library for extra study time to keep his grade point average above 3.0 \endash  a promise he made to his sister Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0110 Evan And Sarah Kiss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan sees Sarah, a woman he has never met, headed for disaster in the form of concrete steps. He rushes to save her from a dangerous fall, and in the process, they share a kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0115 Sarah is Frazzled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah arrives at her class uncharacteristically five minutes late. The typically well-prepared, professional Sarah finds herself frazzled but turns it into a well-received class session.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0116 Evan Hopes for Sarah's Return }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan stayed put, sitting on the stairs where he had just kissed the woman of his dreams. He hoped that she returned to the scene of the kiss. When she didn't show, he returned to the Quad to tell Guido all about what had just happened.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - Evan Charmed Sarah}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0120 Waiting Game}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     The day after the Kiss, Evan waited where they kissed, hoping Sarah would return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0121 Evan Calls Liz for Advice}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Disappointed he has been unable to find Sarah after their kiss, Evan calls his sister, Liz, for advice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0122 Evan is a Man With a Plan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     For a second time, Evan returns to the scene of the kiss, looking for Sarah. He decides to look in the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0123 Sarah Can't Concentrate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah can't focus on her academic work because her mind is thinking of Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0125 Evan Finds Sarah at the library}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan finds Sarah at the library and charms into taking a break at the food court,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0130 Evan and Sarah Food Court Date}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan convinces Sarah to break from her studies and join him at the food court for a snack. Panicked, she runs out on Evan, but he catches up to her outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0132 Sarah Relents and agrees to a date}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah's resistance weakens further as she agrees to go on a date with Evan later in the week.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - Evan Has a Necklace Made}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0135 Gudio Hears the Big News}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     On their way to work, Evan updates Guido on his successful day with Sarah. He asks Guido for ideas of what kind of special gift he could give to Sarah on their upcoming first date.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0137 Evan Has a Special Gift Made}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     While at the mall, seeking a special gift for his date with Sarah happens upon a unique gift idea that will memorialize their first meeting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - Sarah Prepares for First Date}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0140 Sarah Asks Katie For Help}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     After class, Sarah asked Katie to help her prepare for her date with Evan. Katie enthusiastically agrees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0142 Katie Loves Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apartment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah and Katie arrived at Sarah's apartment. Katie falls in love with the luxurious apartment. With Sarah now feeling Katie is a friend, she offers a delighted Katie use of guestroom anytime Katie needs a study sanctuary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0143 Sarah and Katie Chat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah and Katie have a chat. Katie learns more about Sarah's background and her experience with Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0145 Wardrobe Check}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Katie checks out Sarah's existing wardrobe to see if there is anything that she can wear on her date. Katie has Sarah swap her library and look for jeans, a T-shirt, and a ponytail \endash  a more fun look for their girl's day out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0150 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Makeover}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hairdresser gives Sarah a makeover.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - Sarah and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s First Date}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0160 Sarah & Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s First Date}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah and Evan meet at an Asian restaurant for their first official date. Sarah suggests that they begin a relationship with certain conditions. Evan happily agrees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0164 Evan Gives Sarah a Pendant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     After dinner, Evan gives Sarah a customized, inexpensive pendant before she leaves in her car. The pendant is more of a sentimental piece of jewelry meant to commemorate their unique start. Although Sarah is accustomed to wearing expensive jewelry, she loves the pendant Evan had made for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0165 Sarah Updates Katie}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     After a magical first date, Sarah returns to her apartment to share the evening events with Katie. Katie and Sarah are excited to see that Evan has requested that he and Sarah change their Facebook status to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In a Relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - Sarah Meets Evan's Friends}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0200 Evan Gives Sarah the Vintage Doll}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     An excited Evan meets Sarah near her car before the game. He gives her the vintage doll that she asked for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0202 Patti Learns Evan Has a New Girlfriend}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     From the bleachers, Patti, Evan's most recent quasi-ex-girlfriend, watches Evan and Sarah meet in the parking lot. Guido and Sarah's best friend, Roxane, tell Patti what they know and what they've heard about Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0204 The Enforcers Win!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Patti sizes up Sarah during the game while Sarah educates herself on a game she knows nothing about. Evan and Guido's team, the Enforcers, win their game!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0206 The Drive to the Post-Game Party}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     After the Enforcers win their game, Sarah joins Evan, Guido, and a dozen friends, a mix of male and female college students, to celebrate at a sports bar and grille. Despite the boisterous group's excitement, Sarah feels like an outcast, remaining primarily silent and retreating into her thoughts. Her struggle reflects her commitment to support Evan and her personal discomfort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0208 The Post-Game Party}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     After the Enforcers win their game, Sarah joins Evan, Guido, and a dozen friends to celebrate at Sluggers Sports Bar and Grill. Despite the group's excitement, Sarah feels like an outcast. Her struggle reflects her commitment to support Evan and her discomfort due to her inability to connect socially with peers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter \endash  Date Night at Sarah's Apartment}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0210 Sarah Prepares Her Apartment for Evan's Arrival}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah prepares for Evan's first visit to her apartment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0212 Study Session First}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Expecting a date night at Sarah's apartment, Evan learns that academics come first for Sarah. As part of their agreement, Sarah tutors Evan on methods to improve his grades. Only after the tutor session can their date begin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0215 Evan Slows his Roll}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     A steamy make-out session commences after an effective tutoring session and a delicious dinner. Amid the rising heat intensifying kisses and wandering hands, Evan stops himself midstream. He wants to wait until the moment feels right and Sarah is ready before they take their intimacy to the next level. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter \endash  Patti's Dilemma}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0220 Patti Helps Evan Get Ready}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     While grappling with her lingering feelings for Evan, Patti resolves to put her emotions aside to support him as a friend. With a determined effort to suppress her inner turmoil, she assists Evan in preparing for his first formalwear fundraising event with Sarah, demonstrating her commitment to their friendship. Her unspoken pining adds a layer of complexity to the scene, even as she focuses on helping Evan make the evening with Sarah special.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0222 Patti Seeks Advice from Guido}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Patti reluctantly reveals to Guido that their circle of friends has "chosen" her to persuade Evan that his relationship with Sarah is misguided. Though Patti harbors no great affection for Guido, she finds herself valuing his unfiltered honesty regarding Evan and Sarah's relationship, even if some of his opinions rankle her. Their conversation showcases a complex interplay of conflicting emotions, alliances, and a shared concern for Eva.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter \endash  Attends Sarah's Fundraiser}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0225 Sarah Impresses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan waited briefly in The Grandeur's lavish lobby near Chicago's O'Hare airport. A text from Sarah guided him to the grand ballroom, where he found her coordinating a nonprofit event. Witnessing her in her element for the first time, he was more than impressed; he was utterly captivated by her skill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0227 Evan Impresses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah readies Evan for her fundraising event, noticing his nervousness but amazed at how effortlessly he fits into her high-class, charitable sphere. Though clearly an outsider, he wins the crowd's favor. Witnessing Evan flourish in her world eradicates her last shred of hesitation, letting her fully commit her heart to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0231 Sarah and Evan Consummate Their Relationship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Following a triumphant fundraising event, Evan and Sarah head to the separate hotel rooms Sarah booked at the venue. Yet, only one hotel room will be occupied that night. As emotions reach a crescendo, Evan and Sarah declare their love for one another, and in a profound expression of their connection, they consummate their relationship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0250 Evan and Crew Are Ready to Volunteer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan rallies Guido, Patti, and several friends to participate in a nonprofit rebuilding project championed by Sarah. They join forces to help families in central Illinois reconstruct their homes after a devastating tornado swept through the farmlands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0252 Katie Discovers Sarah's Secret}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah enlists Katie's assistance in securing food and refreshments for the volunteer crew, vaguely mentioning a stop at the ATM. After withdrawing several hundred dollars, Katie learns that Sarah personally finances the meals to keep the volunteers nourished, opting to use cash to keep her generosity anonymous. Though she could easily rely on her father's credit card, Sarah's choice to use her own money deeply impresses Katie, highlighting her genuine commitment to the cause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0254 Evan Embraces Volunteer Work}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     After a strenuous Saturday working with a nonprofit organization, Evan's friends head home, but Evan is profoundly transformed by the experience. Inspired by the selfless teens who choose volunteering over typical leisure activities, he becomes deeply committed to the cause. His newfound passion leads him to give up his entire Sunday, even foregoing his regular softball game, to continue volunteering and making a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0256 Patti Confronts Evan about Sarah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Oblivious to Sarah's behind-the-scenes efforts and personal financial contributions to feeding the volunteers, Evan's friends criticize her for not actively participating in the home rebuilding. Their frustration grows when Evan chooses to skip the next day's softball game, furthering their discontent with Sarah's influence on him. A few of Evan's friends, reaching a breaking point, give Patti an ultimatum: either she warns Evan about Sarah or Roxanne will do so. Feeling cornered, Patti feels she has no option but to comply.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - Graduation: A Night Full of Surprises}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0300 Graduation Party Setup}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Set up begins for the graduation party thrown by Evan and Guido \endash  inviting their large group of friends. Evan and Guido throw a large graduation party, inviting their 30 to 40 friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0305 Evan Meets Parents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan briefly meets Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parents before revealing to Sarah his surprise of inviting her parents to the party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0310 Evan Surprises Sarah with Parents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah is not just surprised; she is shocked when Evan brings her to her parents. Sarah is shocked to see her parents are attending the party. Evan had secretly invited her parents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0315 Evan Proposes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Evan presents Sarah with a plaque honoring her status as top of her graduating class. While Sarah is onstage receiving her plaque, she is shocked to see Evan on one knee proposing to her. Although conflicted, she accepts his proposal \endash  much to her father's dismay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0320 Sarah's Father Gives Her an Ultimatum }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah meets with her parents in their hotel room. Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father is disappointed that she is breaking their agreement to attend an Ivy League school for her master\u8217\'92s degree and instead move to Chicago with Evan. Sarah's father gives Sarah an ultimatum. Stick to the plan or lose his financial support \endash  she has one month to decide.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Chapter - Cliffhanger}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0350  Sarah Asks Evan to Elope}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah doesn't want to suffer a month in limbo. She worries if she waits too long, she'll lose her resolve. She asks Evan if they can lope as soon as possible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0355  Sarah and Evan Elope}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     Sarah and Evan elope at a small chapel in central Illinois.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0360 Sarah has Second Thoughts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0     While all indications suggest the happy couple is excited and ready to start their life together, all may not be as it seems. After the quick marriage ceremony is over, Sarah retreats to the ladies' restroom. Stone-faced, she stares at herself in the mirror and asks herself, "Oh my god. What have I done?"}}