{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \li1280\fi-889\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan told Sarah that a handful of the volunteers are going to come back tomorrow and finish home that still needs a lot of cleanup, and their barn as well. Diego's coming back to. He had said see you tomorrow and that's why Evan Sarah asked about tomorrow.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan inquires about the softball game, and Evan said they can survive one game without me. Besides, this is more fun anyway. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I know I am a bit guilty, but I was open that you would give me right home wanted a little more work before I head out and Guido in the gang are headed home departing to party it up. I'd rather finish and work here in spend the evening with you if that's okay.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah told Evan that she has plenty of extra volunteer T-shirts (the should be handed out beforehand?).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah told Evan after hearing he's getting up his softball and parting, "you surprise me more and more every day."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She kisses Evan anyway, saying screw it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She said she's got some more work to do, so she's happy to drive him home.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just come get me when you're done, got T-shirts in the office.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Giving up a softball game? Evan, every time I think I've figured you out, you do something that astonishes me all over again," she said, her voice filled with warmth and respect. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maybe this is when Guido first cause Evan Capt. America.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie tells Guido she has a boyfriend to which he responds "is it serious." She gives Guido a stern look and says very and he starts to say well if you guys ever break up and Evan interrupts him playfully pushes him on the shoulder and said go grab the cooler got a thirsty crowd waiting.}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>She reached out and touched his arm, her expression one of genuine admiration. "Evan, every time I think I've figured you out, you do something that astonishes me all over again," she said, her voice filled with warmth and respect. "Your willingness to give up your Sunday, your friends, all for this cause, and for our time together... it's truly amazing." }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}