{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Replace this character\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s existing Profile with this one.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Name:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Katie Andrews<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Gender:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Female<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Age:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> 18<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Vehicle Driven:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> She does not have a car<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Eye Color:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Brown<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Hair Color:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Pink. She dyed her hair pink from its original color of brown. Straight cut to the bottom of her neck.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Height:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'924\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Body Type:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Average weight, a few pounds of extra weight, but not considered heavy.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Skin Tone:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Fair<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Personality traits:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In terms of brand archetypes, she would be regarded as a Caregiver.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Her Myers-Briggs archetype is <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENFP}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Bubbly personality}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Friendly}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Helpful}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Good Student}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Average Body and Weight. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Fun, Casual, and modern<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Clothing and Fashion Choices:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Casual }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Comfortable}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Affordable}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Contemporary}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Perfect for a college coed<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Education background:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Freshman at the University of Illinois}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 She is a student in a Business-101 class taught by Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 What is the character's role in the novel?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> }
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Katie is a student in the business-101 course that Sarah teaches as a teacher assistant. Sarah has not been on a date since she was 16 years old and is unsure what to wear to her date with Evan. She remembered how Katie had complimented her a week before and noticed that Katie was sporting a style that Sarah thought she would have if she were a "normal college girl." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 After class, Sarah asked Katie if she could help her do a makeover for her date with Evan. Katie is thrilled at the opportunity. Katie asked Sarah to pick her up after her last class around 1 o'clock, and they ultimately bonded together while preparing Sarah for her date.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 In narrative format, provide details about this character:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> }
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Katie Andrews is an eighteen-year-old business freshman at the University of Illinois. She's an ENFP, typified by her contagious, bubbly personality, and a seemingly limitless capacity to care for others, making her fit the Caregiver archetype perfectly. Katie is instantly likeable, projecting an aura of warmth and friendliness that draws people to her. Her helpful nature has endeared her to many, including her business-101 teacher assistant, Sarah.}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Physically, Katie is of average height at 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'924\u8221\'94, with a few extra pounds on her frame that do not detract from her overall youthful appeal. Her fair skin tone offers a contrast to the vibrant pink of her hair - a color she deliberately chose to replace her natural brown hue. The straight cut of her hair, ending neatly at the nape of her neck, adds a touch of modern edginess to her look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Despite not owning a vehicle, Katie's spirit of adventure is not dampened. She is a good student and manages to balance her studies with her love for socializing. Fashion-wise, Katie is casual and modern, favoring comfortable, affordable, and contemporary clothes - the perfect style for a college coed. Her sense of style catches the attention of Sarah, who sees in Katie the kind of 'normal college girl' look she desires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Katie plays a key role in the story, stepping in to assist Sarah with a makeover for her date with Evan. Invigorated by the opportunity, Katie bonds with Sarah during their afternoon shopping spree and shared preparation, demonstrating her innate caregiving qualities and genuine character.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}}