{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alternative Description:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Katie Andrews is a striking figure in the freshman class of the Business department at the University of Illinois. At 18, she embodies the energy and optimism of youth, her personality as vibrant as the pink shade she chose for her hair - a bold deviation from her original brown. With a height of 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'924\u8221\'94 and a slightly fuller frame, she exudes a sense of self-assuredness that comes from acceptance of her body, which carries a few extra pounds but is in no way heavy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Her defining feature isn't physical, though. It's her personality. As a perfect representation of an ENFP Myers-Briggs type, she's warm, friendly, and helpful, always ready to lend a hand or a listening ear. Coupled with this is a bubbly personality that makes her approachable and instantly likeable. These traits align seamlessly with the Caregiver archetype, a role she embraces without hesitation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As a student, Katie excels, striking the right balance between her academic obligations and her social life. She's known for her fun, casual demeanor and contemporary sense of style, which is as affordable and comfortable as it is trendy. Her clothing choices make her a quintessential college coed, projecting a relaxed and modern vibe that catches the attention of her business-101 teacher assistant, Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Without a car, Katie's spirit of adventure isn't hindered. Her joy for life is infectious, and her ability to adapt and make the most of every situation is admirable. When Sarah asks for her help in preparing for a date with Evan, Katie is more than happy to step in. This request leads to a fun-filled afternoon of shopping and bonding as they prepare Sarah for her date.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Throughout their shared experience, Katie shows her genuine character and caregiving qualities, further strengthening her bond with Sarah. Through this connection, she plays a key role in Sarah's narrative, providing support and friendship in a time of uncertainty. Her place in the story is not just as a supporting character, but as a reminder of the warmth, vivacity, and compassion that human connections can offer.}}