{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As the orchestrator of the night's grand affair, Sarah found a temporary sanctuary in this adjacent multipurpose room. While Evan, Guido, and a select group of friends were out there in the Champaign Hotel Grand Ballroom, busy transforming it into an epicenter of post-graduation revelry--a celebration they'd all pooled their money to make a reality--Sarah sat alone, ostensibly to finalize her pre-party checklist. Yet, as she sat there, the room seemed to her a metaphor for her own life at this crossroads moment. It was a blank canvas, and just like her future, it held a myriad of possibilities, yet remained undefined}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s so clean, so devoid of marks. A space waiting for something to happen, something to give it character.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Her thoughts drifted from the checklist on the table to the checklist of her life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ambitions, the grand plans she'd nurtured for so long.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>How perfectly parallel, this room and I<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , she mused. The white walls were like the empty pages in a journal, waiting for words to capture emotions, stories, or dreams. The untouched whiteboard, a manifestation of opportunities yet seized, a slate waiting to be filled with equations that solved for 'x'--that unknown variable that was her future. She, too, was at a precipice, about to step into the unknown, and the simplicity of this room seemed to mirror her own unchartered territory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just as the room was outfitted with the bare essentials--a table, chairs--so too was she equipped with the fundamental decisions that would shape her life.}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Should I move with Evan to Chicago or should I head for an Ivy League campus?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  In the same way this room would eventually see lively discussions, host hard decisions, or even serve as a sanctuary for someone seeking a moment of peace, she knew that her life, too, would take on the hue of the choices she made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the room waited in its unassuming emptiness, she realized she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let her life remain a blank canvas for too long. A room comes alive not just by the furniture you put in it, but by the memories you make there. Her life, she concluded, would be much the same; it would be defined not just by her choices, but by her courage to make those choices in the first place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the stillness of the multipurpose room, Sarah grappled with the conflict in her mind. Her fingers hovered over her checklist but her thoughts were elsewhere, meandering through the maze of her uncertain future.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I've been so sure for so long, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 she thought, recalling the career and education plans she'd meticulously outlined years ago. She had her school picked out, a full scholarship extended like a golden ticket to the future she'd imagined. Everything's set, all the boxes ticked, except one. Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The tension in her chest tightened at the thought of him.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Why is it so hard to say it out loud? Why does this feel like choosing between my dream and a future with him? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan seemed so content, always brimming with enthusiasm, as though he didn't have a care in the world about what came next. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Maybe he's afraid too, afraid to pop the bubble we're living in.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's vision of the future seemed to stretch no further than the city limits of Chicago. Sarah knew that for him, the city was more than a home; it was a beating heart full of connections and lifelong friendships, bound to the sports teams he adored and a sister he idolized.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> A sister who'll probably make him an uncle sooner than later.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The thought made her smile but also filled her with a pang of what could only be described as preemptive nostalgia.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I can't just discard everything I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve worked for, can I?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Her plan had been so clear, but the lines had blurred over time. She loved Evan, but was love enough to give up on the roadmap she'd set for herself? }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>My plans can't be hostage to someone else's dreams.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The sense of certainty would surge in her, only to ebb away, leaving her stranded in a sea of doubt. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Just sign it, sign the damn paper. Why is my hand trembling? Is it because I haven\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t talked to him? Is it because letting go is as hard as holding on?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The college had been patient, granting her extension after extension, but her time was running out. Evan was making strides with his interviews, and she had just weeks left to claim her scholarship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Why can't I just do it?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  She asked herself, the weight of the pending decision pressing down on her like a heavy cloud. Her eyes fell on the empty whiteboard again, its blankness reflecting her inner turmoil. She knew she was the only one who could fill it, just as she was the only one who could fill in the blanks for her future.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>So many questions, and I'm the only one who can answer them.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  She took a deep breath, steadying her shaking hands. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I can't let my life stay an empty canvas. It's time.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In that small, unassuming room, Sarah felt the walls close in, and yet, in that confining space, she found the room to make a choice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The door swung open abruptly, and Evan's energetic presence filled the room. He wore a smile so broad it almost split his face in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Hey," he exclaimed, crossing the room to where Sarah sat. He held out his hands to her, pulling her up to a standing position. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" His lips met hers in an impassioned kiss that took her breath away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah pulled back, eyes twinkling but puzzled. "What's got you so happy? What are you thanking me for?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I got the job!" Evan's excitement was palpable, his eyes shimmering with elation. "Seriously, Sarah, you're the reason I even got the interview in the first place. It's just outside of Chicago. I can't wait to tell Liz!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Wow, Evan, that's amazing!" She meant it, her heart swelling with pride for him. "But you don't owe me any thanks. You got this job on your own merit; I was just the stepping stone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He looked at her with earnest eyes. "Either way, you're a part of this victory, and I've got a big surprise for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Surprise?" Her brows arched in curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Just wait here. I'll be right back." He gave her another quick kiss and rushed out of the room, leaving her in a whirling dervish of thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>This is it. This is the sign.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Sarah felt her heart thud as she sat back down. Evan landing a job in Chicago was the final piece of a puzzle she had been hesitant to solve. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I don't know how I'm going to say it, but I have to. If I don't, we'll both be stuck in a limbo that neither of us can escape.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She pondered the weight of her pending decision.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> If I try to keep this relationship going while I'm miles away, I won't last a month. I'll drop everything and run back to him.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  The stakes were clearer now, as was the path she needed to take. She felt a pang of heartache but knew it was a necessary precursor to the freedom they both needed to seek their individual dreams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah inhaled deeply, as though taking in the last scents of a chapter that was closing. She decided that tonight, she would bask in the joy of Evan's new job, the culmination of their college journey, and their shared memories. But tomorrow, she would finally have the courage to talk about the next chapter. Tomorrow, she would set them both free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}