{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green190\blue190;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The Undergrad Library, with its unique underground design, had been a place of solace for many University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign students. The University had made a deliberate choice to construct the library below ground level, a testament to the respect they held for the adjacent historic Morrow Plots. The Undergrad Library's subterranean architecture ensured that no shadow tainted the historic plots above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Inside the library, the relentless fluorescent lighting illuminated Sarah Wilkins as she sat engrossed in her audio seminar. }{\f1\fs28\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>International business strategies<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 ... There's so much potential here, she thought. The seminar's captivating insights into the expansion of businesses on a global scale played through her earbuds, drowning out the muted hum of student conversations and the distant rustling of pages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 For Sarah, a teacher's assistant in the throes of her academic journey, this library had been a regular haunt. Today, she had settled into one of the study tables, surrounded by her books and notes. As a dedicated TA, Sarah was responsible for guiding the first-year students through the intricacies of Business-101.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Time seemed to slip away amidst the vast ocean of knowledge. It was only when she glanced at the time displayed on her phone that realization hit her. She was late! The class she taught would start in mere minutes. Panic surged through her veins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She hastily packed her belongings, making sure not to pause the audio seminar. She wanted to catch every last word, even if it meant multitasking amidst the chaos. As she scooped up her books and notes, she opted to leave her earbuds in, the compelling voice in her ears serving as a comforting presence amidst her mounting anxiety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She dashed towards the library's staircase, hoping that if she hurried, she could make it to her class on time. The echoing steps of her shoes resonated with her heartbeat, amplifying the sense of urgency. As she ascended, the world outside remained a mystery to her. With her focus on the seminar and her impending class, the last thing on her mind was what lay beyond the library's exit. }}