{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Wow, this place is amazing! How many bedrooms are there?" The question resonated in the expansive space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Two." Sarah's response came as a quiet murmur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Is your roommate home?" Katie inquired, her visual exploration of the apartment ongoing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah negated with a shake of her head. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just me. My father insisted I have an extra bedroom that I could use as an office. But I never use the guest room, I prefer to  work at the dining room table where I can spread out, or in my bedroom before I go to sleep."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The idea of privacy, the luxury of space, left Katie yearning. "I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even imagine what it\u8217\'92s like not to have to share a room. Living in a tiny dorm room with a chatty roommate, makes it impossible to study."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>An understanding hovered between them, thick and unspoken. As Katie's gaze made another sweep across the grand expanse of the apartment, Sarah seized the moment. With the effusive warmth of a mother granting her child a long-cherished wish, she said, "You know, the guest room's always open if you ever need a quiet study sanctuary!"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really! Thank you!" With those words, Katie lunged forward and gave Sarah a big hug, the latter taken by surprise but welcoming the warmth.}}