{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Of course, let's transform that scene into a deep POV from Evan's perspective:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sunlight was a sweet molasses, slow and golden, as Evan took in the sight of the library doors flying open. A woman emerged, her earbuds plugged in and a look of sheer panic washing over her face. Her skirt suit flapped about as she broke into a sprint, lost in her world of haste and earphone chatter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Skirt Suit, he mentally nicknamed her. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know her. She was a faceless figure among many, soon to stumble down the concrete stairs with no railing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hey, Skirt Suit!" His voice knifed through the air, a futile attempt at catching her attention. A chorus of chuckles rose from the students in the quad, but Skirt Suit was deaf to his warning. She was seconds from disaster.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His muscles sprung into action. He darted forward, adrenaline surging through his veins. He managed to grasp her just as her foot slipped. Their bodies spun in a chaotic dance, her momentum swinging her backward in an unexpected dip. Her purse, briefcase, and their contents erupted into a messy cloud around them. The world reduced to just him, her, and the beating of his heart against his ribcage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As her hair tumbled down from its bun, brushing the ground, and her glasses slipped from her face, he found himself staring into the eyes of a student, not a professor. Their gaze locked. Heat bloomed in his cheeks, and a reckless thought spiraled through his mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I feel like I should kiss you." The words slipped out before he could stop them. To his surprise, a smile tugged at her lips.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I am not going to stop you." Her voice was barely a whisper.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He closed the gap between them, his lips finding hers in a passionate promise. He pulled back to steady her on her feet, his pulse humming in his ears.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "What's your name?" he asked, his voice slightly winded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer, too frantic as she gathered her scattered belongings. "I have to go. I'm late!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "That's a strange name." He couldn't help but chuckle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 But she was already sprinting off, a whirlwind of skirts and hastily gathered items, leaving behind her glasses. He stooped down to pick them up, a small token of a surreal encounter. She was just a speck in the distance now. Holding up the glasses high, he called out to her, but to no avail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He stood there for a while, Sarah's glasses in hand, a lighthearted grin tugging at his lips. This was an unexpected turn of events, one that promised a chance encounter he looked forward to.}}