{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Liz's Heart-to-Heart with Evan<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 1: Beginning of the Scene<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1>[ I'm including some extra detailed information about Liz and Evan's unique relationship. However, I'm not expecting you to cram all this in the scene. This information is for your benefit to use as much or as little as you feel is needed to write an interesting scene. I will provide the verbatim dialogue along with information to guide you, you'll provide the rest. ]<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 With the Christmas music playing the background, and Sarah's at the end of the hallway, Liz and Evan that felt comfortable that they were able to speak out of the range of Sarah's ears while they got ready for dinner.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah and Evan's relationship was unique and versatile. Although only two years separated them in age, Liz had always been far more mature than anyone her age. She didn't have the kind of scholarly intelligence that Sarah had. Which did have, was wisdom beyond her years, and an off the charts nurturing quality. This all seemed to come natural to Liz.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sometimes Liz was like a mother figure to Evan, most often she was like a mentor to Evan, but sometimes they were playful like a brother and sister only two years apart.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz loves hosting parties and has been doing it since she was 16. Evan had always been her helper and did not even need to ask Liz if you need help. His job was always to set the table for Liz's instructions. Although Liz did not demand strict adherence to her table setting standards, Evan always worked extra hard to please his sister. Not the most skillful place-set are in the world, he did his best. Liz never complained and found it endearing how hard Evan tried even as a young teenager.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 As Evan was setting the table, Liz was mashing potatoes and other finishing touches in preparation for dinner, and Joe was traveling back and forth between watching basketball and obsessively basting the turkey so that it doesn't dry out while it's resting, Evan and Liz begin to talk.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ The dialogue between Liz and Evan starts in the middle scene. Use the information above to provide narrative about Liz and Evan's relationship. Describe how Evan did not even need to be told what to do, because he had been Liz's hosting helper since he was 14. Talk about the unique relationship without going overboard in one scene. We don't want to do a full background information dump this one scene. ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ To give you a look ahead, the rest of this chapter is mostly dialogue as Evan updates his feelings for Sarah and describes the positive influence she has been to him.  ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ Use the information above to write an informative, but also interesting segue into a brother sister dialogue about Sarah.  ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Part 2: Middle of the Scene<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (impressed by Sarah\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s beauty)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93She is quite beautiful. That skirt suit was fabulous. I\u8217\'92m afraid to even ask him much that cost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t met him yet, but her father is a self-made millionaire. He taught Sarah everything he knows about running a successful business. Sarah doesn\u8217\'92t really care one way or another about the designer clothes that she owns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (briefly interrupts, still impressed with Sarah)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93For someone doesn\u8217\'92t care, she has great taste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (worried he was misunderstood)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93She definitely appreciates the nice clothes, and you\u8217\'92re right, she has spectacular taste. Her apartment is to die for. But the reason that everything is designer, is her father\u8217\'92s choice. She told me that he insists she buys those close because in his opinion, walking into a meeting of any kind wearing a suit that costs over thousand dollars with expensive shoes to match garner\u8217\'92s immediate respect without a word needing to be said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That is actually true. I\u8217\'92ve seen that many times at the office. A well-dressed man, or in Sarah\u8217\'92s case, woman does seem to be treated with more respect the better dressed they are. And Sarah wears that outfit well. I know sense that she was trying to show off her father\u8217\'92s wealth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (grateful)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you can see that in her. She in no way considers herself superior to anyone. Unfortunately, because she so smart, she\u8217\'92s literally a genius, sometimes I think people think she looks down upon. They don\u8217\'92t understand or like I understand her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Evan thought for a moment about how to say what he had to say next in the right way. Still unsure with what words to use, he just opened his mouth and share his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (continued)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be upset if it takes her a while to warm up. Sarah was an only child, and her parents had a unique way of raising her. They focused almost exclusively on academics and training her to one day take over father\u8217\'92s business \endash \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (stopped Evan in his tracks)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you have nothing to worry about. If you like her, then will like her too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s expression changed. Liz\u8217\'92s words reminded him that he more than likes Sarah he is head over heels in love with her. He was not afraid to express his feelings.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (sincerely, passionately)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, I don\u8217\'92t just like her I am in love with her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Liz could see how sincere and passionate Evan was saying these words.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Then we are sure to love her too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Liz couldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t help but be a big sister and pry a little bit}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How do you think she feels about you? You guys get along well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93She loves me too. We get along perfectly. She not only makes you want to be a better man. She has made me a better man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (curious)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Before I met her, I didn\u8217\'92t take myself seriously. I didn\u8217\'92t take life seriously. Yes, I have fun. But I learned that I can still have fun and take myself and life seriously.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ Evan could see the pride in gratitude in Liz\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes as they began to water as he was describing the ways that his life has improved since he began a relationship with Sarah.  ] }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (craving to hear more)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (feeling good that Liz was impressed by both him and Sarah and want to know more)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Every week, at least once, we work together to improve my grades for an hour before our date or our dinner or whatever doing for fun. And these volunteer events \endash \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Evan pauses for a moment as his passion and enthusiasm builds about the subject in particular.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (continued with enthusiasm and passion)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, Liz. I had no idea how good it would feel lending my time to a good cause. I would\u8217\'92ve never experienced that if were not for Sarah. She works tirelessly for free to coordinate and organize these worthy events. She\u8217\'92s just so wonderful. I wouldn\u8217\'92t be me if were not for Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Liz looked at her brother with kind, proud eyes and embraced him with a warm hug. Their hug was interrupted by the sound of Joe shouting out a 10 minute warning. Liz and Evan were already to go. The only one missing list Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so proud of you and I\u8217\'92m looking forward to getting to know Sarah. You probably should go fetch her, dinner is almost ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Evan looked down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (disappointed)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Nah. Sarah is never late for anything, she\u8217\'92ll be out in time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (confused by Evan\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s change in demeanor)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter? Is her trouble between you two?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (trying to convince Liz and himself that it\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s no big deal)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah can be a bit of a workaholic. That\u8217\'92s usually a good thing, but she doesn\u8217\'92t know how to balance it very well. She promised me that she would only attend to emergencies during our visit. But I\u8217\'92d bet my bottom dollar that she\u8217\'92s in there working right now. It never takes Sarah almost half an hour to change clothes and \u8216\'91freshen up\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 Liz wanted to cheer Evan up from his momentary downturn.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (optimistically)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, we\u8217\'92ll loosen her up a bit this trip. Who doesn\u8217\'92t have fun at a Vaughn family get together?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf7 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (Evan laughed knowing he can only provide one answer that will satisfy Liz)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93everyone has fun at her family get-togethers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93So turn that frown upside down its Christmas with the Vaughn\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Part 3: End of the Scene<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [  We want to end the scene redirecting the readers to the mystery that is to be revealed in the next scene. We want the reader excited and wanting to the read the next scene so they will learn who the mystery guest is. ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ Typically, I instruct you to use my dialogue verbatim. However, in this case you can if you choose to ignore that rule even five provided before. Use the embed instructions override that if you feel it's the best choice to write a compelling scene.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 Although the scene is short, I am looking for captivating and that will entice the reader to continue so they can find out who the mystery guest. You have full discretion to write the scene in any way that achieves that goal.  ] }
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Joe's been driving me crazy. I can't believe he won't tell me who are mystery guest is tonight. Has he said anything to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Not a word. I have no idea who it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0}