{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan stepped into his luxury suite, his heart still racing from the evening's revelations. The door clicked shut behind him, and he took a moment to soak in the opulent surroundings. It was a far cry from his modest apartment back in Champaign, and a wave of awe washed over him. The room felt like a sanctuary of extravagance, a haven he could barely believe was his for the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 He walked toward the floor-to-ceiling windows, drawn by the vibrant city lights that painted the night sky. To the left, towering skyscrapers reached for the heavens, their windows sparkling like stars against the urban landscape. To the right, the tranquil expanse of Lake Michigan stretched out, its dark waters mirroring the luminous cityscape in a dance of shadow and brilliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's eyes sparkled with childlike wonder as he took in the breathtaking view. The bustling Saturday night in downtown Chicago seemed like a distant symphony, its crescendo of life a backdrop to his own thoughts and emotions. His heart was buoyant, the confession of his love for Sarah still echoing in his ears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 He wandered toward the mini-fridge, a grin forming on his lips as he discovered its treasures. Sarah's sweet note warmed his heart, and he chuckled at her signature kindness. "Help yourself. - Sarah." He grabbed a soda and closed the fridge, feeling a sense of contentment settling over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The shower beckoned, its spaciousness inviting. As Evan entered the bathroom, he marveled at the enormity of it all. The shower seemed as large as a football field, and he couldn't help but exaggerate the extravagance in his mind. He stepped into the warm cascade of water, its soothing touch washing away the remnants of the evening's excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Leaning against the cool tiles, Evan's thoughts drifted to Sarah. The memory of their shared kiss lingered, a blend of sensuality and tenderness that had left an indelible mark on his heart. He relived each moment in his mind, savoring the taste of her lips and the weight of her emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 With a soft smile, he turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. The fluffy white towel wrapped around his waist, he glanced at his reflection in the mirror. His athletic physique and disheveled hair told the story of a night filled with passion and emotion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's eyes were alive with joy as he took in the king-size bed. It was a palace of comfort, a stark contrast to the cramped twin bed he was accustomed to. He playfully leaped onto the mattress, feeling its plushness cradle him like a cocoon of luxury. His excitement radiated as he sprawled on the bed, his body sinking into the inviting embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 A remote control awaited him, and he turned on the TV, his grin widening as the screen illuminated the room. He flipped through the channels, his mind drifting between the TV and the memory of Sarah's smile. The ambiance of the room, coupled with the exhilaration in his heart, created a sense of enchantment that seemed to suspend time itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Amidst the flickering lights, a soft tapping sound reached his ears, followed by the gentle glide of paper on the polished wood floor. Evan's curiosity piqued, he sat up and turned toward the door. An envelope lay before him, its presence a mystery that beckoned to be unraveled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 His fingers traced the contours of the envelope, his heart quickening with anticipation. With a sense of wonder, he opened it, revealing two items nestled inside. The first was a hotel key card, its significance immediately clear. The second was a handwritten note, and his breath caught as he read the words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I'm Ready. Love, Sarah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's emotions surged, a mixture of elation, anticipation, and a touch of nervousness. The message carried a promise, a declaration of vulnerability and desire. His heart raced as he absorbed the weight of her words, and he couldn't help but imagine what lay ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 A grin tugged at the corners of his lips as he looked around the luxurious suite, his surroundings now infused with newfound meaning. Everything seemed to align perfectly - from the lavish room to the mysterious envelope. The evening had evolved into a symphony of emotions, and he was ready to embrace the melody it offered.}}