{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red118\green146\blue60;\red217\green149\blue148;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As soon as Sarah and Evan exited the library, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B8EA4F5E-825F-461A-8EAC-F80055F637CF"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 pulled Sarah close and kissed her.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been waiting to kiss you again since we first met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah smiled, feeling very reluctant, overwhelmed, and uncertain of all that was happening. But she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t deny to herself how incredible it felt when she was kissing Evan. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan grabbed her hand<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>and said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>asked an awkward feeling Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m holding your hand.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan sensed Sarah needed more of an answer<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess it feels like a rule. Once you\u8217\'92ve gone to a certain point with someone, everything less than that is allowed. Since we already kissed twice, holding hands seems a given.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah struggled to find any flaw in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s logic, and so they continued on their way to the food court hand-in-hand. Sarah felt self-conscious walking with Evan in this way. It felt like all eyes were on her. She noticed a pattern as they encountered various students. First, the student looked at Evan and said hi, then they looked at her as if she were an alien and then looked at their hands as if she had committed some crime. Sarah also noticed that Evan seemed to know everybody on campus. Although she knew it was her imagination, it seemed like 90% of them were female.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>They arrived at the food court and found a table. Sarah sat down as Evan asked what she would like from the food court. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>She said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything\u8217\'92s fine, just something light.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A few minutes later, Evan returned with a couple of bottles of water and fruit cups. Sarah thanked Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan looked at Sarah and laughed<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s best if we start by exchanging names. My name is Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Sarah,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah replied<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>just now realizing that they had not exchanged names yet<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, Sarah! Can you tell me something about yourself?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah was never comfortable socializing with people her own age. She had always been the smartest person in the room and found that made people feel uncomfortable. Not knowing how to respond to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question, she started reciting a verbal version of her extensive and impressive resume. She spoke at high speed, listing accomplishments one by one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Even though this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what Evan wanted to know, Evan found her response cute and tried to stay focused on her words. As students walked by, many either verbally greeted Evan or nodded a \u8220\'93hello\u8221\'94 to him. Evan did his best to nod back while listening to Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah was feeling more awkward by the minute. She became quite anxious, causing her to get up and leave.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>asked Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah got up and dashed out of the food court. Evan would not let her get away again. He ran after her. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Cinderella, wait up, wait up!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  as }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>he caught up to her<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah stopped and turned to Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>and asked<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you call me Cinderella?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re always running away from me like it\u8217\'92s midnight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you keep pursuing me? It\u8217\'92s clear there are plenty of adoring females that would welcome your attention,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>proclaimed a frustrated Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to get to know you. What\u8217\'92s wrong with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t take a genius to see that we exist in different worlds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan laughed<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>and said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess, you\u8217\'92re a genius?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do have a genius IQ, but that\u8217\'92s not my point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is your point?\u8221\'94 Evan inquired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As a couple, we make little sense. I came to college to get an education and make contacts to further my academic and professional careers. I committed to focus on my work and refrain from distracting relationships. You don\u8217\'92t need me. You must know every female on campus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan smiled<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>and asked<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you jealous? If so, there is no need. You have nothing to worry about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not jealous. I can\u8217\'92t understand why you\u8217\'92re focusing your attention on me,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>exclaimed a still frustrated Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I am attracted to you. I think maybe the universe meant for us to meet. There is just something about you that feels right. Is that so hard to accept? You know, college is more than just classes and exams. It\u8217\'92s about relationships, having fun, trying new things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promised my Father typical college hijinks would not distract me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did your Father ask you not to build meaningful relationships?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no, not exactly. He advised me to stay focused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think he doesn\u8217\'92t want you to enjoy your college experience?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I don\u8217\'92t think that. He is always stressing how important it is to be well-rounded, as long as it is not distracting. But Evan, I made a plan, a plan that makes sense. A plan I have held to for three years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t it make sense to enjoy your college life? Doesn\u8217\'92t it make sense, as you say, to be well-rounded? If so, doesn\u8217\'92t it make sense to pursue new relationships?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have got my head spinning. It doesn\u8217\'92t help that every time you kiss me, my IQ drops 50 points.\u8221\'94, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>said a now exasperated Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can my plan make so much sense, and yet your complete opposite approach make sense too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan replied<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can a piece of paper be both thin and wide?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 That statement made Sarah think for a second, just long enough for Evan to kiss her again.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am off on Thursday night. Let\u8217\'92s have dinner away from campus, at a nice place. Do you like Thai food? The Thai Garden is a great place. It\u8217\'92s a little too expensive for your average college crowd but won\u8217\'92t break the bank. Thursday night, dinner at seven? It\u8217\'92s just one date. Let\u8217\'92s get to know each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, I will meet you there at 7:30.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s awesome!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>proclaimed an excited Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I get your phone number? Your Last Name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s wait and see how it goes.\u8221\'94, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>said a still uncertain Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want to hang out some more now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I am going to drive home and try to get some work done,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>said Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I walk you to your car?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  as }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>he held out his hand<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 A bit more relaxed, Sarah held Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. When they to her car Evan asked, \u8220\'93May I get a kiss goodbye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah grinned<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>and said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does it matter what I say? You are going to kiss me, anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan smiled and kissed Sarah. After a mini make-out session, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan asked<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that IQ doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4E8AAFAF-B0E7-4D0A-8CCB-434A6427E34E"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 made a rare joke, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'932+2 equals 10.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan and Sarah laughed as if it was the funniest joke ever told.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid to let you go. I\u8217\'92m worried you won\u8217\'92t show on Thursday.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be there. I never break an appointment unless it\u8217\'92s an emergency.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}