{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Evan Vaughn: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 a 21-year-old personal trainer, is the quintessential romantic hero. His 6'2", 200-pound frame boasts a lean, athletic build, complemented by hazel eyes and clean-cut medium-brown hair. Balanced between casual and formal styles, his wardrobe echoes his put-together yet easygoing demeanor. Evan's loyalty, respect, and romantic nature fit the Hero archetype, despite his struggles with withdrawal during crises. His journey, characterized by transformation and a firm commitment to love, unveils a deeper complexity beneath his captivating exterior.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Guido:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  His real name Anthony Moretti, is a 21-year-old Italian-American epitomizing the "Guido" persona with his obsessive focus on appearance and affinity for women. Standing at 6 feet and weighing 210 pounds, his muscular frame is always tanned, and his hair perfectly gelled. He flaunts flashy gold jewelry and drives a well-used Honda Civic. Known for his brash, womanizing behavior, Guido plays the "bad boy," hitting on women and treating them like a numbers game. Yet, beneath this facade, he's fiercely loyal to his close friends, willing to help at a moment's notice. His contradictory nature reveals that there's more to Guido than his ostentatious exterior suggests.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Sarah Wilkins:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  21, epitomizes grace and determination. With steely gray-blue eyes and long, blonde hair, she's the valedictorian of Ballard High School and a Business major at the University of Illinois. Intelligent, successful, and generous, she appears cold and distant due to her analytical mind. Despite her work-focused lifestyle, love unexpectedly enters her life through Evan. Sarah's story is about breaking free from her father's expectations, choosing love over legacy, and embracing vulnerability.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Patti Keane:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  A 20-year-old junior at the University of Illinois, captivates with her striking beauty, tall stature, light blue eyes, and maintained appearance. A dedicated personal training enthusiast and outdoor lover, Patti's vibrant personality shines through her interactions. Close friendship with Evan unveils her unspoken emotions and concern for his choices. Her presence adds intricacy to the storyline, offering insights into Evan's romantic past and complexities of their relationship.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Katie Andrews:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  An upbeat and caring eighteen-year-old freshman at the University of Illinois, stands out with her pink hair and friendly demeanor. With an ENFP Myers-Briggs type, her bubbly personality and willingness to help others make her an instantly likeable character. Despite a few extra pounds, her youthful appeal and fair skin lend her an approachable charm. Katie's role in the narrative involves aiding Sarah in preparing for a date with Evan, forming a meaningful connection between them. Her contemporary style and caring nature contribute to her significance in the story.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi58\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Roxanne: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 A spirited junior at the University of Illinois, injects liveliness into the story. Her outgoing and witty demeanor makes her a magnet for fun. With a penchant for humor, especially of the sarcastic kind, she navigates life with a self-assured and independent attitude. Roxanne's carefree approach to relationships and her role as Patti's closest friend provide insights into young adulthood and friendship dynamics. Roxanne does not like Sarah at all. Partly because of Sarah's personality, and partly because she feels that Patti should be with Evan. Roxanne is often passive-aggressive around Sarah, mumbling snide remarks to others, but only one Sarah is too far away to hear them.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  Liz Vaughn, a 23-year-old from Glenview, Illinois, was a personification of grace and nurturing care. Her medium-long wavy brown hair and warm brown eyes conveyed a sense of wisdom and kindness. Known to be helpful, caring, and compassionate, she acted as a mentor and mother figure to many. Her conservative clothing choices reflected her modesty and elegance. As a Sage and caregiver, she played an integral role in her family, particularly in her relationship with her younger brother, Evan. Liz's belief in family being life's most important part and her guiding phrases like "If it's meant to be, it will be," showcased her optimistic and steadfast nature.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  Joe Bennett, a burly 25-year-old construction crew chief, embodied a blend of toughness and loyalty. With reddish-brown curly hair, blue eyes, and standing at 6'1", he was reminiscent of Paul Bunyan. He treated others with respect and was utterly devoted to his wife, Liz. Joe's straightforward clothing style mirrored his no-nonsense personality. Despite his authoritative appearance, he was kind-hearted and adored off-roading and professional sports. Joe's role in the story grew as Liz's steadfast partner, and his love for her defined his actions, including his decision to elope with her.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>Bridget: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan and \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91Liz\u8217\'92s Mom. A woman in her early fifties, she was defined by her graceful aging and timeless elegance. Born in Chicago and now residing in Northern California, she worked as an Assistant Manager at a clothing store. Her brown hair, subtly streaked with silver, and warm brown eyes portrayed kindness and sophistication. Bridget's fashion choices, favoring muted tones and practical designs, mirrored her conservative values. After divorcing Liz and Evan's father when they were children, she later found love and remarried. In her relationships with Liz and Evan, she exhibited an independent spirit, maintaining a genuine bond without any trace of neediness.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0}