{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah watched as her Business-101 students hunched over their exams, the silence of concentration heavy in the room. Her gaze landed on Katie Andrews, a freshman with a zest for life as vibrant as her pink-dyed hair. Scribbling on a folded piece of paper, Sarah placed it on Katie's desk. The note held a simple request, Can you meet me after class?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie was one of Sarah's brightest students - effervescent and friendly, with an infectious grin. When the last student had packed up and exited the large classroom, Katie made her way up to Sarah's desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hi, Ms. Wilkins. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s up?" Katie asked, her brown eyes twinkling with curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah took a deep breath and launched into the question that had been on her mind. "Thank you for meeting with me. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve always admired your style, even though it\u8217\'92s different from my own. I have a first date tonight and want to look appropriate for the evening. I haven\u8217\'92t been on a date in a while, and I\u8217\'92m unsure what to wear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's face lit up, "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d love to help!" she said, brimming with enthusiasm. "Are we talking wardrobe only or full makeover?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah pondered for a moment. "Whatever you think is best."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Really! Oh my gosh, Ms. Wilkins, I would love to do a full makeover! The other girls are going to be so jealous.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah tilted her head, puzzled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie grinned, revealing the unspoken fantasies of their class. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In this class, it\u8217\'92s every girl\u8217\'92s fantasy to do a makeover on you, and it\u8217\'92s every boy\u8217\'92s fantasy that by day you are this librarian-like professor, but at night you\u8217\'92re a sexy vixen.\u8221\'94 She laughed and then added hurriedly, "Oh no, I hope that didn\u8217\'92t sound offensive."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Shaking her head, Sarah let out a chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not offended; I understand.\u8221\'94 She could appreciate the humor and mild absurdity in Katie's words. "What time is your date?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s at 7 PM at the Thai Garden Restaurant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie clapped her hands in excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard that place has great food! Do you live off-campus?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I have an apartment about 10 minutes away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's smile faltered a bit. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a car. Can you pick me up by the freshman dorms in about an hour?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be there,\u8221\'94 confirmed Sarah, passing Katie a business card with her cell phone number. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great! I can\u8217\'92t wait.\u8221\'94 Katie's grin returned full force, and she threw her arms around Sarah in a spontaneous hug. "If we are going to be friends, I\u8217\'92d like to call you by your first name. Would that be okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah couldn't help but return the hug, the nerves of her impending date temporarily forgotten. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, my name is Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Perfect, Sarah!" Katie's eyes sparkled with anticipation. "Get ready, because we're about to have a blast! It's going to be epic!"<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}