{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs22\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::0><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>Middle: (Part 1)<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Since Evan's budget was then, Sarah and he agreed to follow her family's tradition of only buying each person one gift. The maximum amount that could be spent was $40.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 The Christmas music was playing. Liz opened all the window coverings to let in the bright light from the snow. Energy levels were high.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Each family member had established their gift opening position on the couch or chairs Liz put out. Evan and Sarah took on the responsibility of passing out the gifts based on the name posted on the wrapped present under the tree.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 [ Write a little narrative describing the general energy of people opening different presents. I'll list some gifts they got here, and you can decide how to integrate them into the scene. Ultimately, I want to focus on the wedding ring from Joe. Also, focus on Sarah and Evan's present to Liz. But before that happens, here are some gifts that were received. ]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 5.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 - Ever the practical woman, Liz bought her husband boots, socks, and a new coat for the winter.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 6.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 - Liz got Evan socks, a gift card to the sporting goods store, and a gym bag that he wanted but was too expensive for him to afford.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 7.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 - Liz got Sarah a gift card to a spa near her college town.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 8.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 - Joe is not good at picking out gifts, so from him, everybody got gift cards to varying places, such as Amazon, Target, and Starbuck\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 9.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 - Bridget passed out airplane ticket vouchers to Liz, Joe, and Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 10.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 - She bought Sarah a Starbuck\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s gift card.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 11.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 - Sarah and Evan gave Joe an original signed football from his favorite Bears player. When he asked them how he could possibly get that, and it was to cost a fortune, Evan let him know that lots of wealthy people old Sarah lots of favors. Without telling Joe how much it cost, he just let Joe know cost was not an issue. Joe couldn't be more excited.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 12.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 After Joe open his sports memorabilia gift, it was Evan's turn to open his gift from Sarah. He about jumped out of his seat when he saw two tickets to an upcoming Chicago Bulls basketball game, and assign jersey from his favorite Chicago Bulls player. He inquired how she could possibly get any of this for under $40. Sarah smiled and said "didn't you just answer that question for Joe?"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 13.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan admitted he felt kind of embarrassed about what Sarah got. However Sarah loved what he got her. It was a silver polish and care For her pendant. He said that he wanted to always have to go back to the jeweler to get her pendant shined, he be happy to do it instead using with this kit.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 14.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 With all the presents unwrapped, there was only one left to give to Liz. It was from Sarah and Evan. Evan was sitting in a chair and Sarah was standing behind him with her hand on his shoulder she gave him a nice squeeze on the shoulder, proud of Evan for what Liz was about to see.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Middle: (Part 2)<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\i1\cf6 [  Part two is all about Sarah and Evan's gift to Liz. Sarah knew most of Evan's professors. She was able to get preliminary grades, and personally confirm that they are accurate when the official grades are posted.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\i1\cf6 Keep in mind that the POV for the scene is not Liz or Evan, but it is Sarah in deep POV. I expect that internal dialogue will be used as well as narrative to reflect her feelings.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\i1\cf6 She was convinced that tears would never leave her eyes again without permission. And she did not plan to give any permission. She anticipated that if Liz reacted emotionally, it might trigger a similar feeling in her, and she was prepared. She was going to use every trick in the book to make sure that she'd maintain control like her father taught her to. ] }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan's gift was not wrapped up in Christmas wrapping paper. It was a simple 8.5 x 11 gold  colored folder sealed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Joking, Liz shook it say wonder what it is.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 [ Sarah was already starting to feel that emotion bubble up as it had the night before. She took deep breaths and try to remain composed. So far, so good she thought. ]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz slowly opened the gift.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 5.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 [ Damn it. Sarah thought. Her cry prevention techniques were beginning to fail her, and Liz had not even looked at her gift yet. She had only got as far as an open envelope. However Sarah was able to hold off any tears. She thought to herself, alright here is the big test. ]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 6.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz looked at a piece of paper that only Sarah and Evan knew the contents of this point. Upon seeing the gift, Liz's eyes started cascading water. Her face turned red and her mouth shook a as she cried. She looked at Evan with great pride, before passing the paper to her mom and into Joe.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 7.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 [ Sarah's resolve weakened. Tears made it to her eyes but she was able to stop them from falling to her cheeks. She couldn't call that a win, but she considered an acceptable tie in a tug-of-war with her emotions. ]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 8.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz looked at Evan with the pride he has never seen before. Evan had received four A's and one B on his first semester grades report. Even better, Evan was no longer flirting with the minimum 3.0 grade point average that he had promised Liz. He had managed to raise that GPA to just under 3.2, practically guaranteeing he would more than satisfy his promise to her upon graduation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 9.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz couldn't stop the the tears from flowing. She knew how hard Evan had to work to bring his grades up to the levels.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 10.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 [ Sarah was barely holding it together as Liz cried and she walked over to give her brother a hug.  Somehow Sarah had managed to keep the tears in her watery eyes. She was just about to claim victory over her emotions, but then this happened. ]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 11.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 When Liz was done hugging Evan she looked at Sarah and gave her a hug. After the hug, Liz gently pressed her forehead against Sarah's forehead intimate connection , eye-to-eye and said. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Evan has told me all that you done for him. How you helped him get his grades up, how you helped make him a better man, how you helped make him want to be a better man. This gift is as much from you as it is from him. Thank you so much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 12.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 And with those words came another hug.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 13.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 [ And the tears flowed and flowed hard. Not with the intensity of the night before, but this was near tsunami levels. Liz's words penetrated Sarah and broke down whatever little defenses she had left against the onslaught of her tears. ]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 14.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 The next five or 10 minutes was everybody congratulating Evan and Evan explaining how Sarah had helped him achieve this gift and everybody was feeling good now that the gift wrapping was over and everybody was happy with their gifts.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b0\i0 15.	}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Although Sarah failed to control her tears, she decided to forgive herself. After all, now that all the gifts were handed out, she was safe from anymore emotional challenges. She felt good that it would be smooth sailing the rest of the trip. At least she thought it would be smooth sailing.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f6\fs18\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}}