{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Name:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Jack Wilkins<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Gender:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Male<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Age:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Mid-60s<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0><$Scr_Ps::2>Current residence:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Seattle, Washington<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Vehicle Driven:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Bentley luxury sedan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Resembles:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Actor James Cromwell<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Eye Color:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Blue<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Hair Color:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Gray<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Height:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> 6\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'925\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Body type:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Tall and Slender<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2>Personality traits: <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>In terms of brand archetypes, he would be considered a Ruler.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His Myers-Briggs archetype is ISTJ.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>What is the character's role in the novel?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although Sarah knows about the party, she does not know about the plaque Guido and Evan had made for her, nor does she know that Evan plans to propose to her after handing her the plaque. Her final surprise is that Evan has invited her parents to the party. They don't know about the proposal. Evan informed them about the presentation of the plaque and asked them to keep it a secret and not tell Sarah they were coming. Of course, Evan's real reason for inviting them is so they could be there to witness the proposal. Evan is unaware that Sarah was not entirely forthcoming with her parents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She told them about Evan but downplayed the intensity of her feelings for him and his feelings for her. Sarah's father thought he was just a fun social outlet for Sarah and that she would move on to an Ivy League school, and Evan goes his own way. She implied her relationship with Evan was casual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah's parents viewed Evan's proposal from the back of the party room. Unprepared, Sarah accepted Evan's proposal in front of all their friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The look on her father's face made it clear that he was disappointed in his daughter. Sarah played the role of happy fianc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 for the rest of the party, but in the back of her mind was her father's face and the dreading of the meeting she would have to have with him before the evening ended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the party ended, Sarah went to her parent's hotel. Sarah was not looking forward to this meeting. Sarah could've handled anger, but the look of disappointment on their father's face felt like a fate worse than death. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, Sarah was prepared to stick by her decision when she got to the hotel. As much as she wanted to make decisions with her brain, her heart was in charge of this choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her father did not scream or express anger. Instead, he gave her a choice. He would continue his financial support for one more month to give her time to make the proper decision. Which, to her father, was to stick to the plan, burn her Master's degree from a reputable Ivy League or business school, and then return to Seattle to work for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah's mother and father noted that while Evan seemed like a nice young man, they didn't feel he was the right fit for her. That being said, they would bless the marriage if she earned her Master's degree and returned to Seattle \endash  Evan was welcome to join her. However, if Sarah did not stick to the plan, her father would cut off financial support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although some emotion escaped Sarah, overall, the conversation was civil, and even Sarah felt her dad's offer was fair, but Evan had already secured a job in Chicago, and Sarah knew how much Evan wanted his sister nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She respected her dad's decision. Although he disagreed with Sarah's choice, he respected her decision but would not financially support it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, he didn't disown Sarah. They still kept in contact, and a few years later, when she was ready to start a business, he loaned her and Evan the money to get started. He didn't love his daughter after all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As successful as that business was, Sarah paid off the loan quickly with interest.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Born on a farm to farmer parents in central Illinois.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His father was a no-nonsense man, and so was Jack.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He met his wife, Mildred, in high school and married her after college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had minimal time to enjoy free time in his childhood preteen years. He needed to help his family by attending to duties on the farm.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He got a paying job when he was old enough and started saving for college. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jack believed that hard work would win the day. It was difficult for him to watch his father work his hand to the bone to make ends meet while other kids in school had lazy, overweight fathers with white-collar jobs who made triple as much.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jack didn't want to be a struggling farmer, nor did he want to be a lazy white-collar worker. He wanted the best of both worlds. He intended to earn his wealth, embodying a farmer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work ethic and the determination of a money-minded entrepreneur. He knew college was vital.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He went to the University of Illinois because he could remain living at home as it was nearby.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He scraped by getting loans and working long hours to pay for tuition.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He graduated with a bachelor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s degree in business. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tired of working for others, with the support of his wife, Jack started his own business at just 25 years of age.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He experienced significant growth year after year \endash  eventually watching his company grow into a multimillion-dollar enterprise.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would never admit it, but he really wanted a son. He was secretly disappointed when his only child was to be a girl, Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon enough, he embraced his daughter. She showed signs of brilliance from an extremely early age. She accomplished all her childhood milestones well ahead of time. He decided to mentor Sarah as he would have a son.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shortly after speaking her first words, he began to prepare her to run the company in his place one day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This work for Sarah. She never felt cheated that she didn't have many friends or spent more time reading books than playing outside. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Occasionally, she would want to join in on the fun, and she tried. Her parents never forced anything on her that she didn't like. If She asked for a play date or trip to the park, they accommodated her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even to the point where, at 16, Sarah went to her mom and dad and said she wanted to see what it was like to have a boyfriend. Instead of being upset, her father took her to the store and bought condoms. He told her that if she was going to explore her sexuality, he wanted her to be safe. It was in an emotional bond of any kind. It was just responsible, rational thinking.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn't that he didn't love Sarah. He did, and Sarah loved him back. He lived a tough life and wanted Sarah to be tough, so love was never expressed through affection. Even when hugs were exchanged, it always looked and felt a little awkward.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 In narrative format, provide details about this character::}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Jack Wilkins is a tall, slender man in his mid-60s, with blue eyes and gray hair, resembling actor James Cromwell. He carries the no-nonsense demeanor instilled in him by his farmer father, a man who worked tirelessly to make ends meet. Born and raised on a farm in central Illinois, Jack was no stranger to hard work from a young age. He recognized early on that he did not want to follow in his father's footsteps, nor did he want to lead the life of what he saw as a complacent white-collar worker. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For Jack, the path to prosperity laid in hard work and education. He maintained a job throughout his teenage years, saving money for college, all while continuing to contribute to the farm work. After high school, he attended the nearby University of Illinois, managing to cover his tuition through loans and working long hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After earning his bachelor's degree in business, Jack was ready to break free from working under others. At just 25, with the support of his high school sweetheart and now wife, Mildred, Jack embarked on his entrepreneurial journey. His determination and strong work ethic paid off as his business venture steadily grew, eventually turning into a multimillion-dollar enterprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fatherhood came with its disappointments and joys for Jack. His initial disappointment of having a daughter was swiftly replaced by pride when his daughter, Sarah, demonstrated early signs of brilliance. Jack nurtured Sarah's intellect and ambition, preparing her to eventually take over the family business. His approach to parenting mirrored his overall disposition in life, rational, pragmatic, and perhaps a bit distant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jack's deep love for his daughter might not be easily discernible through his actions, but it has always been there. He desired Sarah to be tough and prepared for the world. The occasional awkwardness during their rare affectionate moments hinted at a man who struggled with expressing his emotions but never questioned the depth of his feelings. Jack Wilkins is not a man of many words, but his actions speak volumes about his character - a hard-working, pragmatic, and loving father who prepared his daughter for a world he knew was not always kind.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}