{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The rain tapped lightly against the windowpanes, a soft contrast to the turmoil raging inside Sarah. She sat on the bed, fumbling with her engagement ring while Evan lay beside her, his eyes brimming with a joy she wished she could fully share.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Love shouldn't be this complicated,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, staring at the ring that felt both like a promise and a shackle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Morning, beautiful," Evan greeted softly, tucking a stray strand of her hair behind her ear. "How'd you sleep?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "As well as I could," she managed, her voice tinged with an unease she couldn't hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan sat up, leaning on one elbow, his eyes scanning her face. "Something's bothering you. What is it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah inhaled deeply, the weight of her father's ultimatum and her own pending decision pressing on her. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I need to do this. Before doubts and deadlines overrule my heart.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Evan, do you remember when your sister, Liz, eloped the day after she got engaged?" she asked, avoiding his gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Yeah, I do," he said, a hint of curiosity entering his voice. "Liz and Dan were so sure about each other, they didn't see the point in waiting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah caught her lower lip between her teeth, weighing her next words carefully. "How would you feel about us doing the same? Eloping as soon as we can?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His eyes widened, searching her face for sincerity before exploding with delight. "You're serious? If it was good enough for Liz, it's good enough for me. Absolutely, let's do it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's heart swelled at his reaction, and yet a pang of apprehension still remained. Evan pulled her into a kiss, his lips meeting hers with a fervor that spoke volumes. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He's so sure, so happy. How can I feel so torn when he feels so certain?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As they parted, Evan's eyes were radiant, hopeful. "Then it's settled. We'll elope."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah nodded, saying, "It's settled," but her voice lacked the full measure of conviction Evan's held.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His arms tightened around her, but her own embrace felt fragile, almost hesitant. Evan was already lost in dreams of their future, but Sarah remained tethered to the present, straddling a line between the path she'd always envisioned and the new one she was carving out beside him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Is this the right choice? God, what am I doing?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Author's Style: Deep third-person POV focused on Sarah's internal conflict, integrating added backstory and emotional complexity through balanced dialogue and narrative.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}