{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the early days of their senior year at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn existed as two separate universes. Unknown to each other, their paths had never crossed until fate decided to play its role.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan Vaughn, an embodiment of charm and athletic prowess, found himself loved by many. Despite his popularity, under his sister Liz's nurturing influence, he was a humble soul. From the football team captain to the bespectacled water boy, all received the same treatment of kindness and respect from Evan. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Even though he had an innate knack for studies, Evan's heart danced outdoors, chasing winds and playing under the azure skies. However, he had given his word to Liz, promising a minimum 3.0 GPA on his graduation. And for Evan, promises were not to be broken, even if it meant sacrificing his favorite pastime for his books. As his GPA teetered close to his self-imposed threshold, Evan found himself headed to the unfamiliar territory of the undergrad library. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, in contrast, was a prodigy, bound to be the valedictorian of her class. The library was her sanctuary, her comfort zone where she immersed herself in an audio seminar that held the secret to international business success. Oblivious to time, engrossed in her studies, she was on the brink of a first - being late to teach her Business-101 class. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sprinting up the library stairs, her earbuds secured in place, she burst out the door onto a raised campus platform. In her path lay a flight of concrete steps. Seeing her impending tumble, Evan dashed to intercept her. His call fell on her deaf ears, drowned out by the ongoing audio seminar. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He reached her just in time, their bodies merging in a dance-like twirl, ending in a passionate kiss that set their world ablaze. Sarah, bred in an environment where academics took precedence over romance, was caught off guard. Her inexperienced heart fluttered in confusion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Even amidst the whirlwind of emotions, Sarah managed to escape without sharing her identity. Days later, Evan found her and returned her lost glasses. In an attempt to charm his way into her life, Evan invited her for a break at the food court. Despite her initial resistance, Sarah was captivated by Evan's allure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 But doubts clouded her mind when she observed Evan's popularity, particularly among the coeds. Fleeing to her car, she was intercepted by Evan, their encounter leading to a date and a fiery kiss. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 To prepare for her date, Sarah sought assistance from Katie Andrews, a top student in her class. Together with Katie's hairstylist friend, they updated Sarah's style, giving her a modern look. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Armed with her new look, Sarah approached her date with Evan like a business deal, setting rules and boundaries for their relationship. She prioritized her academic goals above all. Evan agreed, entranced by the captivating woman in front of him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As weeks passed, Sarah's hard exterior melted, exposing her softer, vulnerable side. Their date concluded with another fervent kiss and a memento from Evan that symbolized their unique love story. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They thrived together, their relationship blossoming as Sarah grew more sociable and Evan improved his academic standing. Sarah's guidance even helped Evan secure a lucrative job in Chicago. However, future plans hung as an unspoken word between them, a mystery wrapped in silent exchanges and stolen kisses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unknown to Sarah, Evan planned to propose at their graduation party. Unaware of Evan's intentions, Sarah's parents accepted his invitation, thinking it was to celebrate Sarah's academic achievement. Sarah had downplayed her relationship with Evan to her parents, fearing their disappointment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's proposal sent shock waves through Sarah. Torn between her heart's desires and her rationality, she accepted Evan's proposal. As the news sunk in, her parents retreated to their rented penthouse suite, leaving the couple amidst their friends. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With the party over and her facade of happiness set aside, Sarah dreaded her meeting with her father. She respected him deeply and had always shared his vision until this moment. Sarah was left to face her father's disappointment and the consequences of her actions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her father gave her an ultimatum - either follow Evan to Chicago and build a life there or stick to her initial plan. She had a month to decide, a month to choose between the man she loved and her dreams. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah was torn between her feelings for Evan and her promise to her father. Evan had an }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7CB280DE-AB1C-49F3-B21C-1A172C3B69EF"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 unshakeable}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  bond with his sister, Liz, who lived in Chicago, and he was set to start his job soon. Sarah knew she couldn't ask Evan to uproot his life and wait for her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her head said to follow her initial plan, but her heart was screaming for her to follow Evan. Against all odds, she chose her heart, stepping into an unknown yet exciting future with Evan.}}