{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red217\green149\blue148;\red118\green146\blue60;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Monday, September 25, 2006<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan had convinced himself over the weekend that Sarah must have had a class or something. That had to be the reason that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show. He once again returned to the scene of the kiss and began another long wait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was intent on meeting Sarah again. He replayed Thursday\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s events in his mind and remembered that she seemed to come from the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://9331853C-2609-4592-B7B2-DB97E8DBB868"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Undergrad }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Library. He headed there, hoping to find her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was certain that close up he could identify her. But he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure he would recognize her from a distance. This became a moot point since only one student in the library dressed in a business suit and wore her hair in a bun. Evan proceeded cautiously until he was sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan showed Sarah the glasses that he fixed. He asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I?\u8221\'94 }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://89CAB07A-4249-4B5C-B62A-2D86C545D68C"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 did not respond. Evan decided it would be okay. He reached over, carefully removed her glasses, and replaced them with the glasses he repaired.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, much better. Not that there\u8217\'92s anything wrong with the glasses you were wearing, but I like these a lot better. I hope I did a good job fixing them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you did. Thank you for fixing my }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D4F169E3-56D3-4646-AFB7-A1AB291F02F9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 glasses}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . How much do I owe you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t owe me anything! But you can join me for a snack at the food court. We could call it an energy exchange?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have studying to do,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>said Sarah,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>trying to stay focused and not give in to her desire to go with Evan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t take a half-hour break?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I have a lot to study.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I have to study too.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan headed for the bookshelves. He returned to the table, sat across from Sarah, and intentionally read his book upside down.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you always read your books upside down?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>laughed }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6108D803-E098-4A31-8B85-F1D9DBCF280B"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://16BCB696-BE99-497A-B8BE-9FCD64684BF7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 turned the book right side up<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>and said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, now this book makes more sense!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah read the title of the book.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Female Poets of the 1800s, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://412408FA-BB2E-4529-BE06-A5DD3749689E"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 really}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love the female poets of the 1800s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you even name one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Emily Dickinson!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know that, or is she the only female poet that you\u8217\'92ve heard of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am an expert on female poetry from the 1800s,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>joked Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are, are you?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>laughed Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay then, what is your favorite poem?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan read from the book. Sarah interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Close the book.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan obliged<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, now tell me your favorite poem.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I can\u8217\'92t remember who wrote it, but I remember the name. It\u8217\'92s called \u8216\'91The Kiss.\u8217\'92 It\u8217\'92s a poem about this beautiful coed saved from certain death by a valiant young man. They have this most amazing kiss. But then she disappears like Cinderella. He ultimately finds her, and she futilely attempts to resist his charming ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, interesting. So how does the poem end?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>asked Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>with a smile<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Happily ever after, of course!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resolve weakened as she attempted to refocus on her study material. Evan opened the book back up and pretended to be reading the poetry book and commenting on it.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very nice. Excellent poetic structure. Great use of hyperbole.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are going to keep being annoying until I agree to go to the food court, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Annoying? I was shooting for charming!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evans said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>with a smile<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah smiled back<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>and said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, fine. Annoyingly Charming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will stop bothering you if you want me to. But don\u8217\'92t you think we should try to get to know each other. Unless I imagined things, that kiss was wonderful for you as }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C9FBA0AB-4932-4F70-998A-A45D7014B6A3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 well}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . All I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m asking for is 15 minutes. That\u8217\'92s it, just 15 minutes of your time. What do you say?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah gave in to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s charm and packed her stuff.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that a yes?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan asked<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah smiled<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>and replied<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it is.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}