{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah awoke to an empty bed, the soft glow of morning light filtering through the\~curtains.\~She felt like she'd run an emotional marathon, her energy drained by the emotional catharsis of the previous\~evening.\~She propped herself up against the headboard, eyelids heavy but thoughts\~racing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Minutes later, Evan walked into the room carrying a large thermal mug full of coffee in one hand and a small bottle of orange juice in the\~other.\~He offered her the coffee with a warm\~smile.\~"Morning,\~beautiful."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah took the mug from him, her hands wrapping around the warm\~vessel.\~"You're my hero," she said before taking a slow, satisfying\~sip.\~The contentment that spread across her face was a testament to her\~gratitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan sat on the edge of the bed and gently brushed stray strands of hair from her\~face.\~"How are you\~feeling?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Like I have a hangover," Sarah mumbled, setting the coffee mug on the bedside\~table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 He raised an eyebrow. "You only had one glass of wine last\~night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "It's not from alcohol," she replied, rubbing her\~temples.\~"I think I'm emotionally hung over from last\~night.\~What on earth did you guys put in the\~food?\~Made me go all kinds of\~crazy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan chuckled, his eyes\~softening.\~"We spiked the atmosphere with\~love."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 She shot him a look that was half serious, half\~amused.\~"Could you maybe put a little less love in the air\~today?\~I don't think I can survive another emotional\~tsunami."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 He leaned in, giving her a light kiss on her lips. "Um. It's Christmas. I make no promises." Evan paused, a thoughtful expression crossing his face. "Besides, you know what we got Liz for Christmas. Knowing her, it's bound to stir up some kind of emotion."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 With a playful roll of her eyes, Sarah took another gulp of her\~coffee.\~"Then I'm gonna need a lot more caffeine and\~hydration."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan burst into laughter at her exaggerated\~seriousness.\~"I've already showered, and I'm good to\~go.\~The bathroom's all yours. You've got 30 minutes before Liz's ironclad 8 AM start time for opening\~presents."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah shook her head.\~"I don't know how I'm gonna make it, but I'm never\~late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "That's just one of the many things I love so much about you," Evan said, kissing her once more before standing\~up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 He left the room, closing the door gently behind him, leaving Sarah alone with her coffee and her thoughts, both simmering in the tranquility of the morning\~light.}}