{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \fi130\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 1.\tab First-year lawyer Sarah was reviewing tedious real estate contracts in her office.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 2.\tab She looked at the time on her phone and realized she was in danger of being late for an important meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 3.\tab She put her earbuds in and listened to an audio seminar on best practices in real estate law. She had posited earlier but wanted something to keep her mind occupied while she walked to the train station.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 4.\tab She exited her office building doors and walked on a sizeable flat brick-paved platform with four concrete stairs leading downward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 5.\tab Her pace was fast because she was in a bit of a panic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 6.\tab Her mind was preoccupied with concerns about tardiness and the voice coming through her earbuds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 7.\tab Evan had never met Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 8.\tab He saw she was not paying attention and was only a few feet away from the concrete stairs with no railing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 9.\tab He called out to warn her. He shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey lady and the skirt suit!" everyone heard him except the lady in the skirt suit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 10.\tab He didn't know if he could make it, but he took off at high speed to try and stop her before she fell on the concrete stairs with no railing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 11.\tab He caught her just in time, but the momentum of her fast pace caused her body to swing around as if they were in a dance and he was dipping her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 12.\tab Her briefcase and purse went flying everywhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 13.\tab She found herself leaning back almost parallel to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 14.\tab Evan was bent over facing her, his hands supporting her back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 15.\tab Their eyes connected, and they gazed longingly at each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 16.\tab Finally, Evan leaned down and kissed Sarah. It was a deep passionate kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 17.\tab After the kiss, Evan lifted Sarah back to her feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 18.\tab She remembered how late she was and frantically gathered her belongings with Evan's assistance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 19.\tab Evan asked her her name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 20.\tab Out of sorts, she responded, "I have to go. I'm late!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 21.\tab Evan laughed and said, "That's a strange name."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 22.\tab Sarah was too out of sorts to recognize she brought unintended humor to this romantically charged moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 23.\tab Being bewildered and frantic, Sarah dashed off toward the train station.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}