{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah sat across from Katie at the small caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 table, her fingers nervously tracing the rim of her coffee cup. The ambient chatter of other students served as a muted backdrop to her swirling thoughts. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>What if Evan messes up? What if they laugh at him, or worse, look down on him?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie leaned forward, her brown eyes focused and attentive, like a lifeline. "You look like you're a million miles away, Sarah. What's going on?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm just... I'm worried about Evan," Sarah said, picking her words carefully. Her gaze fell to her half-eaten muffin. "I've been trying to fit into his world, Katie, and it's like I'm wearing shoes that are three sizes too small. It hurts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie tilted her head, her pink hair catching the caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9's warm lighting. "I thought things were going great between you two."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "They are. But it's one thing to have a great relationship and another to fit into someone's life. I've been to his softball games, parties, even sat through an entire Monday night football game. But I felt like a fish out of water the whole time. His friends and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85we just don\u8217\'92t click. It's not a matter of time; it\u8217\'92s an impossibility."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A sympathetic frown tugged at Katie's lips. "That sounds tough. But people are different, Sarah. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s okay."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's eyes met Katie's. "I know, but what worries me is this upcoming fundraiser. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an event I\u8217\'92ve organized, and Evan's coming. The crowd is older, wealthier--people who measure their words and scrutinize every little thing. I\u8217\'92m scared, Katie. What if Evan embarrasses himself? Or me? What if they don\u8217\'92t treat him well?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie paused, choosing her words with care. "Sarah, you fell for Evan because of who he is, right? Not because of how well he schmoozes with philanthropists. And if he's as great as you say, then he'll rise to the occasion. Sometimes people surprise us in the best ways."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's fingers stopped their aimless circling around her coffee cup}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s right. Evan is a good guy. He might not be used to the upscale, older crowd, but he\u8217\'92s adaptable. Isn\u8217\'92t he?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Your words help, Katie. They do," Sarah said, offering a weak smile. "But the worries are still there. It's like this itch I can't reach."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie reached across the table, giving Sarah's hand a comforting squeeze. "Sometimes, all you can do is wait and see, and give people the chance to show you who they are in different situations. You can't control everything, and that's okay."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah nodded, taking in Katie's counsel. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like a weight had been lifted off her shoulders, but the burden seemed a little lighter, a bit more bearable.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> If nothing else, at least I have a friend who listens.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Thanks, Katie," Sarah said, managing a more genuine smile this time. "Even if this doesn't solve anything, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m glad I could talk to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "And I'm here whenever you need to talk, Sarah. Remember, life's a journey, and you don't have to walk it alone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As they got up to leave, Sarah felt a mix of gratitude and lingering worry. She knew the upcoming event was a significant test--not just for Evan but for them as a couple. However, at least she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to face her fears entirely alone. And for that small mercy, she was deeply thankful.}}