{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>An air of expectation hung as Evan laid out plates, forks, and glasses with meticulous care on the dining table. The intimate familiarity of the space enveloped him like a warm embrace. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always been Liz\u8217\'92s go-to helper for these soirees, a tradition dating back to their teen years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Across the open-concept kitchen, Liz wielded a masher like a seasoned maestro, turning potatoes into creamy clouds. Her movements were graceful but determined, honed by years of practice and perfected by an intuitive touch that went beyond mere recipes. Evan didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need explicit instructions to know what to do next; their silent communication, built over years, rendered words unnecessary. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their relationship defied easy categorization. Liz was older by only two years, but the wisdom she carried was light-years ahead of her age. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bookish intellect, but an almost spiritual maturity, paired with a nurturing demeanor that Evan had rarely encountered elsewhere. There were moments Liz had the aura of a mother figure, others when she was the wisest mentor he knew. But then, just as quickly, their dynamic could shift to playful banter, reminiscent of close-in-age siblings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe meandered from the living room to the kitchen, his attention divided between the basketball game on TV and the turkey. Every so often, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dart over to baste it obsessively, as if the bird\u8217\'92s moistness was a matter of life and death. Evan caught Liz\u8217\'92s eye and they exchanged a knowing glance, smiling as if sharing a secret joke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With Sarah at the end of the hallway, doors and walls muffling her presence, Evan felt a delicate bubble of privacy envelop him and Liz. It was just enough space for them to share a conversation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about things unsaid, futures uncertain, and a love life that was, for Evan, finally falling into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan smoothed out a creased napkin, meticulously setting it beside a dinner plate. The evening light bounced off the polished silverware as he carefully arranged it on the table. Liz hummed along to the music while mashing potatoes in the kitchen. It was their unspoken ritual, an almost choreographed dance that needed no cues or introductions. Even though Liz had been hosting gatherings since she was a teenager, Evan had been her steadfast aide. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to be told what to do; he already knew. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re still the best at this,\u8221\'94 Liz finally broke the silence, her gaze taking in the near-complete dinner table. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still trying to earn that Best Brother award.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is quite beautiful. That skirt suit was fabulous. I\u8217\'92m afraid to even ask how much that cost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t met him yet, but her father is a self-made millionaire. He taught Sarah everything he knows about running a successful business. Sarah doesn\u8217\'92t really care one way or another about the designer clothes that she owns."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For someone who doesn\u8217\'92t care, she has great taste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She definitely appreciates the nice clothes, and you\u8217\'92re right, she has spectacular taste. Her apartment is to die for. But the reason that everything is designer is her father\u8217\'92s choice.  She told me that he insists she buys those close because in his opinion, walking into a meeting of any kind wearing a suit that costs over thousand dollars with expensive shoes to match garner's immediate respect without a word needing to be said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is actually true. I\u8217\'92ve seen that many times at the office. A well-dressed man, or in Sarah\u8217\'92s case, woman, does seem to be treated with more respect. And Sarah wears that outfit well. I sensed that she wasn\u8217\'92t trying to show off her father\u8217\'92s wealth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m glad you can see that in her. She in no way considers herself superior to anyone. Unfortunately, because she\u8217\'92s so smart, sometimes I think people misunderstand her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan hesitated, contemplating how to convey his next thought. Then the words just flowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be upset if it takes her a while to warm up. Sarah was an only child, and her parents had a unique way of raising her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you have nothing to worry about. If you like her, then we will like her too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assurance struck a chord within him, igniting a clarity that was inexpressible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Liz, I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just like her. I am in love with her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we are sure to love her too. How do you think she feels about you? You guys get along well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "She loves me too. We get along perfectly. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not only made me want to be a better man. She has made me a better man."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan could see a twinkle of tears forming in Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tears of pride and perhaps gratitude. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Before I met her, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take myself seriously. I didn\u8217\'92t take life seriously. But I\u8217\'92ve learned that I can still have fun and take myself and life seriously."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His enthusiasm for the subject couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be more evident, and he didn\u8217\'92t need to mask it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Every week, we work together to improve my grades. And these volunteer events\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Oh my God, Liz. I had no idea how good it would feel to lend my time to a good cause. I wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be me if it weren\u8217\'92t for Sarah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words hung in the air, Liz enveloped him in a hug, her eyes glistening with a mixture of pride and unconditional love. They were pulled back to reality by Joe\u8217\'92s distant shout of a ten-minute dinner warning. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so proud of you, and I look forward to getting to know Sarah. You should probably go fetch her, dinner is almost ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Nah. Sarah is never late for anything; she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be out in time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter? Is there trouble between you two?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan hesitated, chewing over his next words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sarah can be a bit of a workaholic. She promised me that she would only attend to emergencies during our visit. But I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d bet that she\u8217\'92s in there working right now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, ever the optimist, tried to lift his spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, we\u8217\'92ll loosen her up a bit this trip. Who doesn\u8217\'92t have fun at a Vaughn family get-together?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Everyone has fun at our family get-togethers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So turn that frown upside down; it\u8217\'92s Christmas with the Vaughns.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}