{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Late afternoon had settled into a gray, frigid embrace as Evan and Sarah's Audi Sedan sped north on I-57 Highway. Christmas melodies filled the car, the notes dancing in the air, intertwining with Evan's cheerful humming. Evan's eyes sparkled, mirroring the decorated houses that flashed by the window as he drove. He was in his element, surrounded by Christmas, his favorite holiday, and the woman he loved deeply, Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah, on the other hand, had her head buried in her laptop, her fingers dancing over the keys. Her white designer skirt suit contrasted with the comfortable interior of her Audi, a reflection of her formality amidst Evan's casual sports sweatshirt and jeans. Her eyes flitted between the screen and Evan's joyous profile, the unspoken acknowledgment of her dilemma lingering in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *He loves Christmas so much,* she thought, forcing a smile as Evan turned to her, his eyes filled with excitement. *And I love him, so I'll make the best of this trip.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Evan, tell me again about the movie you're keeping a secret?" she asked, attempting to engage in his excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's grin widened, and he winked. "Now, if I told you that, it wouldn't be a surprise, would it? Trust me, Sarah, you're going to love it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's smile strained a little, her thoughts drifting back to her work. The cold, gray day outside seemed to echo her feelings. The excitement of the holiday season was lost on her as her responsibilities as an event coordinator weighed heavily. *Marcus is depending on me. I have to get this right,* she thought, her mind consumed by benefactors and New Year's Eve parties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan sensed her distraction. He reached over and gently squeezed her hand. "You know, Sarah, you promised to leave work behind once we get to Liz's."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She looked up, meeting his eyes, and nodded silently. The sincerity in his eyes made her feel guilty, but she couldn't shake the nagging feeling that she was neglecting her duties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They continued driving, Evan chattering about his sister Liz, her boyfriend Joe, and the traditions he cherished. Sarah listened half-heartedly, her mind drifting between Evan's words and the projects that awaited her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As they neared Glenview, Evan took a detour to a neighborhood famous for holiday decorations. Reluctantly, Sarah closed her laptop and gazed out the window, feigning interest in the twinkling lights and festive ornaments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *They are beautiful, but there's so much to do,* she thought, her mind betraying her attempt to enjoy the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Finally, they arrived at Liz's apartment complex, the anticipation in Evan's eyes unmistakable. He practically leaped out of the car, his enthusiasm infectious as he grabbed their luggage and gifts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah lingered, the warmth of the car a stark contrast to the cold outside. Her mind was still on her laptop, her thoughts a whirlwind of tasks and expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan leaned in for a sensual, loving kiss, but she kissed him quickly, pulling away. "Let's get out of the cold," she said, her voice lacking its usual warmth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The contrast between their energies was palpable as they made their way to Liz's door. Evan's excitement was evident, while Sarah's hidden desire for the ride to have lasted longer gnawed at her. She had promised not to work much during their trip, but the promise felt like a chain, holding her back.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}