{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I've broken up my story into three separate novels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I consider the first novel a prequel, and I will call the first novel \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Book 1.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I consider the second novel the main one and will call it \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Book 2.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I consider the first novel a sequel, and I will call it \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Book 3.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Does that make sense?}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Book 1 will be the smallest of the three books. I consider it a novella. It contains the back story of when Evan met Sarah. It begins on the day he meets Sarah and concludes on the day they get married.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 It acts as a prologue and is optional for my readers. Does that make sense?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Book 2 begins with Evan and Sarah's divorce. Since the backstory prequel is optional, I will include minimal flashback scenes to catch the reader up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After the divorce and the flashback scenes, the story will move into the inception of Evan's unique relationship strategy. In the report, Chloe names Evan's idea the "Love, Annually Relationship Strategy." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Book 2 will then follow Evan through his relationship one-year with Girl #1, Gabriella, Girl #2, and finally, his soulmate Chloe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Book 2 will cover Evan and Chloe's fantastic year together, the breakup, and Chloe's return to Chicago, and cover her accident and recovery. Book 2 will and with two major pop resolved. First, Evan and Chloe get engaged. Second, the subplot of Liz's infertility is resolved in that she gets pregnant.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Does that make sense?}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Absolutely, I apologize for the misunderstanding. Here is the corrected summary:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Book 3 starts with Chloe in the greenroom, moments away from her appearance on a popular talk show, much like Oprah's. She's there because of her published journals, which were originally gifts from Evan during her recovery. Titled "Love, Annually," the book captivates the public with its honest exploration of personal emotions such as anger and jealousy and its introduction of Evan's unconventional approach to relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the book gains fame, Evan and Chloe build a dating website dedicated to their unique one-year relationship strategy. Chloe thrives in the limelight while Evan, being more reserved, only occasionally joins her for book signings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their relationship endures strain when Chloe considers a tubal ligation. Evan initially opposes the decision, leading to tension. However, Chloe eventually decides against the procedure, allowing them to reconcile and deepen their relationship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The last stop on their book tour brings them to Portland, Oregon, near Sarah's home in Seattle. When Sarah unexpectedly appears, Chloe experiences a wave of jealousy that spirals into misunderstandings, leading to the abrupt end of her engagement with Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Full of regret, Chloe later befriends Sarah and aids in repairing her public image. This act leads to her reconciliation with Evan, and they once again plan their wedding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In a minor subplot, Guido finds love with Dakota. Following this diversion, the primary narrative continues with Evan and Chloe's wedding. During the vows, Chloe surprises everyone by expressing her desire to have two children with Evan, creating a ripple of shock and excitement at the wedding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 However, their happiness is challenged upon their return from the honeymoon when Evan is diagnosed with a rare bone disease. His life expectancy dramatically decreases unless he receives a bone marrow transplant, but no suitable donors are immediately available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In response, Chloe collaborates with Evan's doctor to establish a bone marrow recruitment program, using her fame to encourage potential donors. An unlikely match emerges in Owen, a man Evan had helped in Book 2. Despite initial hesitance due to his wife's concerns, Owen eventually agrees to the procedure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The transplant surgery is successfully carried out just in time. When Chloe visits Evan post-operation, she lightheartedly names him as his own savior, because it was his act of kindness that led to Owen becoming his donor. Evan, however, insists that Chloe is the real hero. Her tireless effort throughout their journey ensured his survival and made a significant impact on others awaiting a bone marrow transplant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Book 3 concludes with Evan and Chloe, more deeply in love than ever before, preparing for their new life chapter, savoring every moment and cherishing their annual love \endash  and beyond. The book beautifully ends their tale, which is filled with romance, introspection, drama, and triumph over real-world hardships.}}