{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's heart ached with longing as he paced back and forth outside the entrance to the undergrad library. Every part of his soul yearned for the touch of the woman he had just kissed, and the place where their lips had met seemed to burn in memory. The kiss had been impromptu, passionate, an undeniable force of destiny. Now, she was gone, and all he had left of her were her broken glasses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The Morrow Plots beckoned him with their lush serenity, and he walked over to them to clear his head. He couldn't stray too far, couldn't risk missing her return. He hoped that somehow, she would come back, if not for him, then at least to retrieve what she had left behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 An hour passed, an eternity filled with bittersweet recollections and fervent prayers for Sarah's return. Finally, he made a resolution. He would fix her glasses, return to this very spot tomorrow, and hope that destiny would grant them a second meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Energized by his decision, Evan sought out Guido at The Quad, his friend who was forever engaged in the pursuit of romance. Guido was easy to find, his charismatic demeanor drawing the attention of two sophomore coeds. They were just the latest in Guido's endless quest for love, or at least, affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Without a second thought, Evan grabbed Guido by the shirt and pulled him away, his eyes alight with excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I gotta tell you something!" Evan exclaimed, the words bubbling up from deep within him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido was indignant but curious, "Hey, Man! Why'd you do that? I had those two in the palm of my hand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "You did not. Never mind about that. I got something to tell you!" Evan's voice was full of passion, and his eyes sparkled with the memory of the kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The exchange between the two friends was filled with disbelief, humor, good-natured ribbing, and, ultimately, a connection that transcended mere words. Evan's revelation of the kiss, the woman's flight, the broken glasses, all led to Guido's surprise and playful skepticism. They even named her Cinderella, an apt metaphor for the fleeting encounter that had left Evan utterly spellbound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "What are you gonna do now?" Guido finally asked, his voice a blend of sarcasm and genuine concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I am going to fix her glasses and try to find her tomorrow," Evan replied, determination etched in every line of his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido, ever the lover, saw another opportunity and declined Evan's invitation to the mall, leaving Evan to make the journey alone, his heart full of hope and anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As Evan headed toward his car, the world seemed to come alive with possibility. The longing in his chest was a living thing, a pulse of desire that connected him to the woman he had kissed, to Cinderella. Tomorrow, he would find her, and his life would never be the same again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i1 Scene written in the style of Danielle Steele}}