{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-664208\li957200\lin957200}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f4\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Time to relax and enjoy the sunset<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 After a strenuous Saturday working with a nonprofit organization, Evan's friends headed home, but the experience profoundly transformed Evan. Inspired by the selfless teen Diego, who chose to volunteer over typical leisure activities, Evan became deeply committed to the cause. His newfound passion led him to give up his entire Sunday, even forgoing his treasured softball game, to continue volunteering and making a difference.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The day of volunteer work, cleaning up debris caused by the tornado, was done. The Sun had just begun to set. In the previous scene, Evan befriended a young teen volunteering his time and energy to the project without being asked. Evan took him under his wing, and they worked together throughout the day.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Farmlands of central Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Just before sunset.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Typical chilly fall early raving in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan, Diego, Katie<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>None<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi14\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan was worn out from a hard day's work. However, he was filled with inspiration and gratitude for the experience he'd just had. He never knew that helping others in such tragic circumstances would be so rewarding. He was particularly energized by meeting the young teen volunteer, Diego. Diego had a similar family background, and they bonded quickly. A whirlwind of thoughts and emotions was triggered by Diego. He remembered how his father had abandoned him for another woman. But more than anything, he dreamed that one day he would be a father, a good father, unlike his own. And in his dream, there was only one woman on his mind - Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Katie:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Katie was exhausted, but you wouldn't know it by looking at her. She set aside her exhaustion and remained perky and happy.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Diego:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Diego was happy and feeling proud of himself. But his overriding feeling was hunger. This boy loved to eat. This was meant as funny, not as an indication of actual starvation.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>POV: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Evan and Diego leaned against an old tractor, Each holding an ice cold bottle of your in their hand. The aged tractor\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s once vibrant color now lost beneath layers of rust and wear. The machinery, though still sturdy, bore the signs of many years of hard labor. Patches of faded red paint clung stubbornly to the metal, offering glimpses of its former glory, while the majority of the surface was overtaken by a rusty patina. Exposed gears and weathered levers hinted at a time when the tractor was a vital part of daily farm life. The large rubber tires were cracked and worn, and the seat was frayed, revealing the cushioning inside. Despite its dilapidated appearance, there was a sense of nostalgia and resilience about the tractor, as if it held within it the stories and memories of the fields it had once tended.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan and Diego, resting against the time-worn tractor, turned their gazes to the horizon, where the flatlands of central Illinois were bathed in the glow of a breathtaking sunset. The sky, a canvas of oranges, pinks, and purples, seemed to be on fire as the sun dipped lower, casting a serene and otherworldly light across the land.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Below this celestial masterpiece, however, lay a stark contrast. The ground was scarred and strewn with debris, a grim testament to the tornado's wrath. Homes were reduced to rubble, trees uprooted, and fields laid waste. The juxtaposition was both haunting and beautiful, a poignant reminder of nature's dual ability to both create and destroy.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 As the two young men watched, the thought occurred to them that the same sky that now painted a picture of tranquility had, just days before, unleashed a fury capable of tearing a town apart. It was as if the heavens were offering an apology, a gentle caress to soothe the soul after a violent outburst. The beauty of the moment was not lost on them, and they sat in reflective silence, contemplating the fickle and awe-inspiring nature of the world, where beauty and devastation coexisted in a delicate and eternal dance.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf9  [ Evan held  his root beer bottle in the air to toast Diego's bottle. A gesture of gratitude for a job well done. ]<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 "You did a great job out there today Diego."<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [ Diego think them and they clinked the bottlenecks of their bottles together in a toast. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [ Katie came to retrieve them. ]<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 "There you guys are. I've been looking all over the place."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 "What's up?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 "I want to make sure Diego was safely on his way before got too dark. Plus I want Sarah to meet our unexpected, hard-working volunteer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 "Come on buddy. Finisher bear and throw it in the trash can. "<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [ Katie giggled watching Evan and Diego unintentionally, simultaneously finished off their root beers and toss them in the nearby garbage can. She thought they were adorable. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [ The scene ends with them walking side-by-side toward the mobile office. ]<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This used to be part of a bigger scene, but the POV switched from Evan to Sarah, so I split it into two scenes. This is more of a transition scene than anything else.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Bottles of root beer}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 An old tractor<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever possible, \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}}