{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stood under the dreary clouds, a gray blanket unfurling across the morning sky. The location, the same place where he and Sarah first kissed, filled him with a sense of hopeful anticipation. It was Friday, the day after the unforgettable kiss, and he found himself drawn back, a hopeful pilgrim to a shrine of his own making.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He oscillated between hope and disappointment like a pendulum, his heart racing every time a blonde head appeared in his peripheral vision or the doors to the undergrad library swung open. Yet, each time, it wasn't her. The figure would solidify into a stranger, and the library doors would admit someone else, causing his heart to drop in his chest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the minutes turned into hours, the weather started to mirror his gloom. The rain began, a soft drizzle that escalated steadily, soaking through his jacket. He darted between trees and awnings, attempting to stay dry, but he wouldn't stray far from his post. His need for a direct view of the library doors and the place of their first kiss kept him exposed to the elements. The rain, initially a light mist, grew heavier, each drop echoing his mounting despair.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Two hours into his vigil, the figure of Guido appeared. His friend stood next to him, huddled in his own jacket, his eyebrows raised in inquiry. "No luck?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan lowered his gaze, his voice barely audible against the patter of the rain. "No, I haven't seen her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido clapped a hand on his shoulder, his gruff voice breaking through Evan's reverie. "Sorry, bro. Don't stress it. There are plenty of fish in the sea."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan shook his head. "I don't want to fish in the sea. She's the only one for me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido laughed, shaking his head. "I don't get you, bro. You got women lined up to be with you, and you're stressing over a girl whose name you don't know? You should adopt my style \endash  no strings attached, no drama."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "Yeah, and no hope for love," Evan retorted, his voice heavy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido chuckled again, but his tone was softer, almost affectionate. "My friend, ever the hopeless romantic."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan sighed, frustration creeping into his voice. "I'm not a hopeless romantic. I'm just... I'm just...just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" He trailed off, unable to find the words. After a moment, he added, "I don't know what I am. I just know that I have to see my Cinderella again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido patted his back again, a grin spreading across his face. "Let's leave the matching glass slipper search for another day. Come on, let's head back to our place. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll knock down a few beers and watch baseball. The Cubs actually have a chance for the playoffs this year!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido's words seemed to echo in the void around Evan, but they didn't seem to stir him from his spot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido persisted, "You'll feel a lot better with a cold brew in your hand and a Cubs victory on the TV. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll tell you what, after the game, we\u8217\'92ll try to figure a way to get her name."<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Still, Evan remained silent, a statue against the rain and gloom.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Guido's joking tone made a comeback, "How hard can it be to find the most beautiful girl on campus?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 That finally managed to pull a small smile from Evan. "I suppose you're right. I'll bump into her sooner or later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido nodded, giving Evan's shoulder one last squeeze. "Exactly! Let's chill at home, and we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll scour the Internet when the game ends."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "Thanks, dude. I feel better already," Evan admitted, and with that, they turned their backs to the library and started the journey home. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}