{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I'm using my experience writing Book 1 to establish standards and routines for future books. In my scene template, where I described the scene itself, I was thinking about three types of labels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I would use brackets for embedded notes and instructions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Example: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0        [ Evan raised his hands in the air. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 For dialogue, I simply do what I've been doing and use a colon after the speaker's name.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Example:  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0      Evan: "My team just scored a touchdown!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I'm thinking about adding one more label. "Narrative:". In most of my scenes, the dialogue is written to be used verbatim. I always include special instructions when I want dialogue to be verbatim. You've done a great job adding narrative, action tags, and dialogue tags around my provided dialogue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sometimes I want to give you a little bit of information and let you write the narrative. I've been doing this inside brackets, but I'm considering pulling some aspects out and giving it a marker. For example, whenever a location or setting is introduced in the novel, I'll usually want you to provide a descriptive narrative for me. I typically provide you a location profile, or in the setting section of the scene template, I'll describe the location so you'll have enough information to write a compelling scene. Would it make sense to you if I started using the "Narrative: " marker whenever I want you to write a narrative about something? Here are a couple of ideas of how I might use it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Narrative: Sarah inspected the pendant closely.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Narrative: [ Describe the hair salon in great detail. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In those examples, I would be asking you to write a descriptive  narrative for those parts of the scene. Does that work, and does it matter whether I use embedded instructions [] after the narrative marker?}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}