{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The anticipation in Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment was palpable. Cloud-filtered sunlight spilled through the windows, casting an encouraging glow on the room. With a swing of her arm, Sarah revealed the contents of her bedroom closet to Katie. It was an organized array, divided into clear categories: business attire, formal dresses, and a rather underpopulated section of casual clothes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the sight of the designer dresses hanging with an air of elegance. \u8220\'93Are these designer?\u8221\'94 she gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile shone as bright as the affirmation she gave. \u8220\'93Yes, they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie ran her fingers over the silky fabric of a deep-red gown. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re breathtaking. Do you wear these often?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear and nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do. My father sees value in contributing to the community, and it doubles as an effective networking strategy. It\u8217\'92s fulfilling work. Plus, it spruces up the resume. I manage events for several local nonprofits. I\u8217\'92m practically at a fundraiser or a business social every week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows arched upwards, intrigued. \u8220\'93I had no idea you led such an interesting life. However, for tonight, these dresses are overkill. We\u8217\'92ll need to raid the mall for that perfect outfit. And, trust me, we\u8217\'92re not going shopping with you looking like you\u8217\'92re heading to a board meeting.\u8221\'94 She tossed a pair of jeans and a top at Sarah, her laughter echoing through the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do have contact lenses, right?\u8221\'94 Katie asked as Sarah caught the clothes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah nodded in affirmation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fantastic! Time to go! Change your clothes, put your contacts in, and let\u8217\'92s swap that bun for a ponytail,\u8221\'94 Katie ordered, her voice bubbling with excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Sir Sergeant,\u8221\'94 Sarah saluted, mock seriousness on her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said I was in charge,\u8221\'94 Katie shot back, pretending to pout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That I did,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied, and they both burst into laughter, the joyous sound filling the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie paused, her energy momentarily reined in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a Facebook account, right? I want to look at your photos. It will give me an idea of how you look in different dresses and colors. We\u8217\'92re working against the clock, so the more I know now, the better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, slightly taken aback by Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frenzy, acquiesced. \u8220\'93Yes, I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s nothing my eyes shouldn\u8217\'92t see, can I log in while you get ready?\u8221\'94 Katie asked, her eyes twinkling with mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes are safe. I mostly use Facebook for business contacts, academic pursuits , and my nonprofit work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah gestured towards her laptop resting on the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. It should auto-log you in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s approval, Katie darted to the dining room. Sarah was left to her transformation, as she replaced her glasses with contacts, her skirt suit with jeans, and a casual top. When she finally stepped out, her hair swishing in a loose ponytail, she was a whole new person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie, absorbed in Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Facebook profile, glanced up and gasped. \u8220\'93Sarah! What a transformation. You look hot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Flattered, Sarah blushed, thanking Katie softly. Her confidence bloomed under the unexpected praise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But we\u8217\'92re just getting started, Sarah. We are going to make you look hotter than hot! Evan won\u8217\'92t know what hit him.\u8221\'94 Katie\u8217\'92s words sparked an impish grin on Sarah\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That works for me. Let\u8217\'92s get this party started,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied, her voice tinged with excitement. It was far from her normal behavior, but she was embracing the moment, just as she had when she first kissed Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The anticipation of their shopping spree makeover hung in the air, wrapping around them like an electric current, stirring broad, excited smiles onto their faces.}}