{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Liz's Heart-to-Heart with Evan<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 1: Beginning of the Scene}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1>[ I'm including some extra detailed information about Liz and Evan's unique relationship. However, I'm not expecting you to cram all this in the scene. This information is for your benefit to use as much or as little as you feel is needed to write an interesting scene. I will provide the verbatim dialogue along with information to guide you, you'll provide the rest. ]<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 With the Christmas music playing the background, and Sarah's at the end of the hallway, Liz and Evan that felt comfortable that they were able to speak out of the range of Sarah's ears while they got ready for dinner.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah and Evan's relationship was unique and versatile. Although only two years separated them in age, Liz had always been far more mature than anyone her age. She didn't have the kind of scholarly intelligence that Sarah had. Which did have, was wisdom beyond her years, and an off the charts nurturing quality. This all seemed to come natural to Liz.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sometimes Liz was like a mother figure to Evan, most often she was like a mentor to Evan, but sometimes they were playful like a brother and sister only two years apart.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz loves hosting parties and has been doing it since she was 16. Evan had always been her helper and did not even need to ask Liz if you need help. His job was always to set the table for Liz's instructions. Although Liz did not demand strict adherence to her table setting standards, Evan always worked extra hard to please his sister. Not the most skillful place-set are in the world, he did his best. Liz never complained and found it endearing how hard Evan tried even as a young teenager.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 As Evan was setting the table, Liz was mashing potatoes and other finishing touches in preparation for dinner, and Joe was traveling back and forth between watching basketball and obsessively basting the turkey so that it doesn't dry out while it's resting, Evan and Liz begin to talk.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ The dialogue between Liz and Evan starts in the middle scene. Use the information above to provide narrative about Liz and Evan's relationship. Describe how Evan did not even need to be told what to do, because he had been Liz's hosting helper since he was 14. Talk about the unique relationship without going overboard in one scene. We don't want to do a full background information dump this one scene. ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ To give you a look ahead, the rest of this chapter is mostly dialogue as Evan updates his feelings for Sarah and describes the positive influence she has been to him.  ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ Use the information above to write an informative, but also interesting segue into a brother sister dialogue about Sarah.  ] }
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0}