{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Template:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0145 Wardrobe Check}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Katie}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apartment}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Exciting, hopeful, anticipatory, friendly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Partly cloudy and nice outside.}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Rewrite this at your discretion, noting the instructions I embedded in the scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah showed Katie her bedroom closet. Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s closet was divided into three distinct sections, business attire, formal attire, and casual. The casual being the smallest, containing a couple of pairs of jeans and tops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are these designer dresses?\u8221\'94 Katie asked in amazement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are gorgeous but overkill for your date tonight. Do you ever wear them?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93All the time. My father stresses the importance of allocating some of my time to philanthropic endeavors. He says it\u8217\'92s good to give back to the community and a great way to make business connections. Plus, it looks good on a resume. I volunteer as an events coordinator for various nonprofit companies in the area. I am attending either a fundraising event or a business social almost every week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know you led such an interesting life. Alright, let\u8217\'92s get down to business. Nothing in this closet is going to help us tonight. After your makeover, we\u8217\'92ll hit the mall hard and find you something perfect for this evening. I can\u8217\'92t go shopping with you in that business suit.\u8221\'94 Katie chuckled as she handed Liz a pair of jeans and a top from the closet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie asked Sarah, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have contacts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Change into these clothes, put your contacts in, trade the bun for a ponytail, and we\u8217\'92ll head to our appointment. Do you have a Facebook account?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I do,\u8221\'94 answered Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you mind if I look at it while you get ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead, open the laptop on the table, and it should log you in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [[The relevance of Katie having access to Facebook will become evident in a later scene.]]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [[When Katie goes to the dining room to log on to Sarah's laptop, per Katie's request, Sarah changes from her skirt suit, glasses, and hair in a bun into jeans, a T-shirt, contact lenses, and a ponytail. Katie is amazed at how a few simple changes caused such a transformation before the makeover has started in earnest. Katie Shares this observation with Sarah. She then compliments Sarah on how good she looks. Sarah is flattered and shares her gratitude for the comment.]]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [[Let's end the scene with the two girls in sync with their anticipation and excitement for their shopping spree makeover]]}}