{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 For Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn, senior year at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign began as an ordinary semester, the two strangers running in distinct circles. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, known for his athletic prowess and magnetic personality, drew attention without effort, though never letting it cloud his judgement. Raised by his compassionate sister, Liz, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://61B355B5-D7CC-4F7A-9899-E037C46EE048"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan treated all with kindness, be it a football star or a shy water boy}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 . However, the academia was never his strongest suit, not due to lack of intellect, but his love for the open air and disdain for classroom boundaries. Nonetheless, he had a promise to Liz: to maintain at least a 3.0 GPA. So he traded the thrill of Frisbee games for quietude in the library, much to his friend Guido's disappointment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In contrast, Sarah was a powerhouse student, her sights set on graduating top of her class. The library was her sanctuary, the site of countless hours spent on her audio seminars and preparation for the Business-101 class she taught. Her life was a race against the clock, meticulously planned, her only companion her relentless ambition. The daughter of a tycoon, she was destined to be the future CEO of her father's company. She believed in a life devoid of romantic involvements until her Masters' degree was in hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As fate would have it, their paths crossed when Sarah, engrossed in her seminar, nearly tripped down a set of stairs. Evan, sensing danger, sprinted to her aid, saving her in a sweeping embrace that culminated in an unexpected, passionate kiss. After the startling interaction, Sarah fled the scene, leaving behind only her glasses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Days later, Evan located Sarah and returned her glasses, now repaired. Despite her attempts to remain focused, Sarah found herself capitulating to his charm, agreeing to join him for a break in the food court. Confronted with his popularity and the stark contrast between their lives, Sarah fled again, only to be pursued by Evan. They shared another electrifying kiss and agreed on a date. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In preparation, Sarah turned to Katie Andrews, a bright student from her class, who, along with her hairstylist friend, assisted in updating Sarah's appearance and fashion. While getting a makeover, Sarah found herself reconsidering her stringent policy against romantic engagements. If she were to venture into this territory, she decided, it would be under calculated terms, safeguarding her academic aspirations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan agreed to her rules, love-struck since their first interaction. Their relationship flourished, with Sarah embracing her dormant romantic side and Evan improving academically with Sarah's help. As they savored the present, they remained silent about their future, Sarah wavering over her decision to attend an Ivy League school, and Evan planning a surprise proposal at their graduation party. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 At the party, Evan's proposal shocked Sarah. All her rationality screamed 'no', but she found herself saying 'yes', too consumed by love to refuse. The consequence was a potentially disapproving encounter with her father, who she had deceived about the intensity of her relationship with Evan. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her father presented two options: follow Evan to Chicago and begin a life with him while continuing her Masters, or stick to her initial plan. He would not force her to end her engagement, but if she chose Evan over the family business, his financial support would cease. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah found herself torn. She knew Evan's commitment to his sister and his promising job opportunity in Chicago, and she felt guilty about asking him to wait for her. The choice was clear, yet difficult: follow her meticulously planned path or surrender to the unpredictable allure of love. Ultimately, against all odds, Sarah chose Evan, her heart triumphing over logic.}}