{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah closed the bedroom door behind her, each click of the latch amplifying the discord between her mind and heart. She returned to the living room, where Katie was immersed in a textbook. As soon as Sarah entered, Katie sensed the change in her friend's demeanor and closed the book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "You alright?" Katie asked, concern creasing her brows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah sat down on the plush couch, unable to take her eyes off the promise ring Evan had given her. "I wasn't honest with my parents. I downplayed what this ring means. I downplayed us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Katie shifted her attention entirely towards Sarah, her book long forgotten. "If you were any other girl in the world, I'd know exactly what to say. I'd either listen to you and validate whatever you tell me, or I'd tell you Evan's a great guy and to follow your heart. But you're an enigma, Sarah. You're different than anyone I've ever known. You're an amazing woman. I know you love Evan, but I also know that you've spent your whole life with a very clear plan. You're going to have to decide if those two truths can coexist."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah felt like her soul had been laid bare.}{\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> She's right. Oh God, she's absolutely right.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  "I've thought about that often. Evan's life is here. He wants a family, needs to be by his sister. There's no way I can ask him to follow me to the East Coast or the West Coast after I graduate."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Yeah, that's a tough one," Katie acknowledged. "Sooner or later, you're going to have to talk to him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah clenched her hands, digging her nails into her palm as if she could bury her uncertainties in the grooves of her skin. "And say what? I can't even fathom the words 'I want to break up.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Do you want to break up with him?" Katie probed gently, watching her friend's face intently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah's eyes misted over. "I don't. But what really scares me is, at some point, I have to make a decision. Evan clearly has a path he wants this to go on. The pressure's all on me to decide between the man I love now, and the man who gave me life, who I've respected for the entirety of that life. In my mind, I've already made the choice to follow the path I set for myself. It's logical. It's safe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Katie tilted her head, puzzled. "What about that scares you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah took a deep breath. "What scares me is that my heart doesn't agree. What terrifies me is the thought of choosing Evan, not because it's right for me or the best choice for me, not even because I want to spend my life with him." She paused, her voice barely above a whisper. "What scares me to death is that I might choose Evan simply because I can't live without him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The room went quiet, the silence thickening with every second. Katie looked at Sarah, her eyes brimming with empathy but void of solutions. Sarah's gaze drifted back to the promise ring, its sparkle now seeming more like a question than a promise--a question she wasn't sure she could ever answer. }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her heart drummed a discordant rhythm. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Is love enough to give up my dreams? Or are my dreams enough to give up love?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  She felt further away from an answer than ever before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And the unknown--her unknown future--terrified her.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}