{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red217\green149\blue148;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-6657\li9593\lin9593}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-6657\li9593\lin9593}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Number:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> 0229<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Amidst the glittering throng of wealthy and sophisticated fundraiser attendees, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural comedic flair shines through. After Sarah introduces him to her distinguished boss, Marcus, a conversation ensues that causes her anxiety to ratchet upward with every joke and perceived undignified comment from Evan. As the banter continues, Sarah\u8217\'92s tension mounts, but to her surprise and relief, she eventually realizes that Marcus and Evan are getting along splendidly, connecting in a way she never could have anticipated.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\cf7 Summary of previous scene:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In the seclusion of a small private storage room, Sarah takes a moment to prepare Evan for the impending fundraiser. With a mix of excitement and concern, she instructs him to mind his P\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and Q\u8217\'92s, particularly around her boss, Marcus Chamberlain, who bears a striking resemblance to Morgan Freeman. Her guidance is filled with both faith in Evan\u8217\'92s abilities and anxiety about how the evening will unfold, setting the stage for what promises to be an unforgettable event.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> The Grand Ballroom at the Grandeur Hotel<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>7 PM to 10 PM<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Various philanthropists at the event<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Nervous, Excited, Optimistic<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Busy, Excited<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Clothing:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan wore a well-fitted charcoal gray suit, a smart choice that looked more expensive than its cost. The jacket\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s subtle lines and single-breasted design complemented his build. Underneath, he wore a soft blue dress shirt that added a touch of sophistication. His maroon tie, adorned with a modern and appealing pattern, provided a stylish contrast, adding flair and sophistication to his ensemble. The outfit was finished with polished black leather shoes, laced perfectly. Though purchased on a budget, the suit gave Evan a refined appearance, suitable for the elegant fundraiser event. It was a visual testament to his effort to fit into Sarah\u8217\'92s world.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dress was a vibrant turquoise evening gown, tailored to accentuate her grace. The luxurious silk blend shimmered in the ballroom\u8217\'92s light, while a fitted bodice with a modest sweetheart neckline adorned with intricate lace added a touch of elegance. A thin diamond belt highlighted her slender figure, leading to a flowing chiffon skirt. The back featured a tasteful keyhole opening, fastened with a delicate button, and a gentle train. Simple diamond studs and a silver bracelet completed her ensemble, reflecting her strong yet graceful personality, perfect for navigating the upscale event.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Mere seconds into their journey, Evan spots Marcus Chamberlain. Unable to resist his comic ways. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Sarah, Morgan Freeman showed up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shh Evan, someone might hear you. Don\u8217\'92t look at him, I think we need to warm you up little bit before I introduce you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Marcus Chamberlain looked over at Sarah and Evan and began walking their way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too late. Morgan is on his way. She asked for his autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah was not amused by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jokes. She immediately flashed a smile she\u8217\'92s been practicing since she attended her first fundraiser at 12 years old. Out of the corner of her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ whispered ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be on your best behavior.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Marcus walks up and praises Sarah. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah you\u8217\'92ve done a great job here. I\u8217\'92m very impressed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you Mr. Chamberlain-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Marcus interrupted and corrected her ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please not so formal, Marcus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you Marcus for trusting me with such a prestigious event. I am honored to be associated with your organization.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Curiously, Marcus looks at Evan. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, a new face. Who have you brought with you today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is my boyfriend, Evan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Marcus extends his hand. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nice to meet you, Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Marcus and Evan engage in a firm, appropriate handshake. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A pleasure to meet you as well, Marcus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah is feeling good about how the conversation with Marcus and Evan started. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, your Sarah\u8217\'92s boyfriend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan smiled: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My proudest accomplishment to date!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s response caused Sarah concern, but Marcus gave a chuckle. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you had a chance to look at the items up for auction?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I took a quick peek on my way into the ballroom, I\u8217\'92d give my right arm for those Bears tickets on the 50 yard line!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah concern notched up to minor anxiety. She was trying to figure out a way to silently remind Evan to speak in a more distinguished way ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a Bears fan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Evan didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything but with wide open eyes made an exaggerated nod yes. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s animated facial expression and exaggerated nod increased Sarah\u8217\'92s concern and anxiety. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ Marcus chuckled again. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a blind auction. I think bidding starts in a few minutes. Who knows maybe you\u8217\'92ll have the winning bid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Unaware that Sarah was dying of anxiety inside hoping he didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything that would offend Marcus, continued his comic ways. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see this suit? It\u8217\'92s nice is in it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Evan talked on the lapels of his suit jacket as part of his humorist ways. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ Marcus looked a bit confused. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite nice, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ joked ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would love to bid on those tickets, but this suit represents the last dollar in my breakup.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Although Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s statement was meant to be humorous, it was also very true. He drained his breakup for his fundraiser ensemble. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ Sarah\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s anxiety was nearing a crescendo. She just wanted to disappear. She couldn\u8217\'92t believe that Evan was joking in situation like this, but then something unexpected happened. Marcus cracked up at Evan\u8217\'92s joke. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, I love this guy he\u8217\'92s hilarious!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah remained paralyzed in her smile, unsure how to respond. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. I was a young and always short on cash back in the day. But you know our organization does great work. Would you consider donating your time? We are always short on volunteers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would love to help out! Sarah was telling me about the great work \u8216\'91Home Is Where the Heart Is\u8217\'92 does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s statement slightly notched down Sarah\u8217\'92s anxiety. She thought now he is getting back on track. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ Evan was proud of himself (in a cute way) that he remembered the name. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad to hear that! Sarah, can give you the details. She\u8217\'92s in charge of the project. Two weeks from today, we\u8217\'92re going to be helping folks clean up what\u8217\'92s left after a tornado hit a town, not far from where I believe you and Sarah attend college. Do you think you can make that Saturday?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Count me in! I\u8217\'92m pretty sure I can recruit a handful of friends to help volunteer as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah finally found her voice. Her anxiety was decreased \endash  at least for the moment. She was excited about the thought that Evan would volunteer and recruit his friends. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Who do you think will come?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Evan rubbed his chin and thought. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patti is a lock! This is right up her alley, and wherever Patti goes Roxanne goes. I\u8217\'92m sure I can get Guido to commit, and I think I could convince three or four more friends to help out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\cf9 Sarah}{\f0\fs24\cf9 :<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido? I wouldn't think he'd be interested in volunteering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah was surprised that Evan thought Guido would have any interest in volunteering on a project like this. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ Evan looked at Marcus half serious,  half joking. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will there be single adult females volunteering?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Marcus sees where Evan is going with this. He chuckled, and plays along. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure there will be plenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a great incentive. We\u8217\'92ll add to that a six pack of beer for a job well done, and Guido will be in!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah wanted to crawl under a rock. She was certain this was not an appropriate thing to say to Marcus. But as before, the unexpected happened. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 [ Marcus laughed even louder than be had before. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to meet this Guido fella.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Evan comically rolled his eyes ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, you can wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Marcus laughed even harder, his eyes began to water. Evan laughed along with him. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ Finally Sarah let go of her fear. The conversation was not only going well, but well beyond her expectations. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, has the bidding started yet on the auction items?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In 10 minutes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you what, young Evan. If you can recruit a few friends, and at least one Guido the Bears tickets are yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Evan was shocked, thrilled, excited, grateful. He profusely thanked Marcus. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m positive. A handful of young volunteers is worth much more than we\u8217\'92ll get at auction for those tickets.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Marcus turned to Sarah. ]<!$Scr_Cs::5>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you pull the Bears tickets off the auction table?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to think or say. But they were his Bears tickets. He could do as he pleased. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go pull them right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 End: }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>[ Sarah didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t want to leave Evan there alone with Marcus Chamberlain of all people, but she didn\u8217\'92t know what else to do. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 [ She left slowly and kept an ear out on the conversation. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So tell me, Marcus. When are the Bears going to finally get a decent quarterback?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably in the year 2000 never?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Both men laughed, and other men started joining in on conversation talking about the Bears quarterback woes and am open to other sports related topics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Eventually their voices faded into the background.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::7>Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 This scene shows Sarah realizing that Evan can still be himself and yet fit in to her world. This goes a long way in whittling away the remaining resistance Sarah has for going all in on the relationship.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Bears tickets<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 When writing the scene, do not add, change, or delete any of the dialogue provided in the "Plot/Action" section. At your full discretion, add narrative, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue as needed to write a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 When writing the scene, please generously use Sarah's internal dialogue as her anxiety levels increase and decrease and eventually dissipate by the end the scene. }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::7>}}