{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red217\green149\blue148;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan Meets Morgan Freeman?<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 At a lavish fundraiser, Evan's comedic talent emerges as he converses with Sarah's distinguished boss, Marcus, causing her anxiety to spike with each jest. Though Sarah's tension builds with Evan's seemingly undignified comments, she's later surprised and relieved to find that Marcus and Evan are connecting splendidly, in a way she never expected, turning her apprehension into delight..<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Summary of the previous scene:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In the seclusion of a small private storage room, Sarah takes a moment to prepare Evan for the impending fundraiser. With a mix of excitement and concern, she instructs him to mind his P\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and Q\u8217\'92s, particularly around her boss, Marcus Chamberlain, who bears a striking resemblance to Morgan Freeman. Her guidance is filled with both faith in Evan\u8217\'92s abilities and anxiety about how the evening will unfold, setting the stage for what promises to be an unforgettable event.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> The Grand Ballroom at the Grandeur Hotel<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>7 PM to 10 PM<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Marcus Chamberlin<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Nervous, Excited, Optimistic<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Nervous, Paranoid <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Mere seconds into their journey, Evan spots Marcus Chamberlain. Unable to resist his comic ways. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Sarah, Morgan Freeman showed up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shh, Evan, someone might hear you. Don\u8217\'92t look at him. We need to warm you up a bit before I introduce you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus Chamberlain looked over at Sarah and Evan and began walking their way. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too late. Morgan is on his way. Should I ask for his autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah was not amused by Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s jokes. She immediately flashed a smile she\u8217\'92s been practicing since she attended her first fundraiser at 12 years old. Out of the corner of her mouth. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ whispered ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be on your best behavior.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus walks up and praises Sarah. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, you\u8217\'92ve done a great job here. I\u8217\'92m very impressed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Mr. Chamberlain-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus interrupted and corrected her ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, not so formal. Call me Marcus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Marcus, for trusting me with such a prestigious event. I am honored to be associated with your organization.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>[ Curiously, Marcus looks at Evan. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, a new face. Who have you brought with you today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is my boyfriend, Evan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus extends his hand. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nice to meet you, Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus and Evan engage in a firm, appropriate handshake. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A pleasure to meet you as well, Marcus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah feels good about how the conversation with Marcus and Evan started. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, your Sarah\u8217\'92s boyfriend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan smiled: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My proudest accomplishment to date!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s response caused Sarah concern, but Marcus chuckled. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you had a chance to look at the items up for auction?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I took a quick peek on my way into the ballroom. I\u8217\'92d give my right arm for those Bears tickets on the 50-yard line!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[Sarah\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s concern notched up to minor anxiety. She was trying to figure out how to silently remind Evan to speak more professionally. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a Bears fan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything. But with wide-open eyes made an exaggerated nod yes. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s animated facial expression and exaggerated nod increased Sarah\u8217\'92s concern and anxiety. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Marcus chuckled again. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a blind auction. I think bidding starts in a few minutes. Who knows, maybe you\u8217\'92ll have the winning bid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Unaware that Sarah was dying of anxiety inside, hoping he didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything that would offend Marcus, Evan continued his comic ways. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see this suit? It\u8217\'92s nice, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan talked on the lapels of his suit jacket as part of his humorist ways. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Marcus looked a bit confused. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite nice, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ joked ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would love to bid on those tickets, but this suit represents the last dollar in my bank account.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Although Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s statement was meant to be humorous, it was also very true. He drained his bank account for his fundraiser ensemble. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Sarah\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s anxiety was nearing a crescendo. She just wanted to disappear. She couldn\u8217\'92t believe that Evan was joking in a situation like this, but then something unexpected happened. Marcus cracked up at Evan\u8217\'92s joke. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, I love this guy. He\u8217\'92s hilarious!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah remained paralyzed in her smile, unsure how to respond. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. I was young and always short on cash back in the day. But you know our organization does great work. Would you consider donating your time? We are always short on volunteers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would love to help out! Sarah told me about the great work \u8216\'91Home Is Where the Heart Is\u8217\'92 does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s statement slightly notched down Sarah\u8217\'92s anxiety. She thought now he was getting back on track. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Evan was proud of himself (in a cute way) that he remembered the name. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad to hear that! Sarah can give you the details. She\u8217\'92s in charge of the project. Two weeks from today, we\u8217\'92ll be helping folks clean up what\u8217\'92s left after a tornado hit a town not far from where Sarah lives. Do you think you can make it that Saturday?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Count me in! I\u8217\'92m sure I can recruit a handful of friends to help volunteer as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah finally found her voice. Her anxiety was decreased \endash  at least for the moment. She was excited that Evan would volunteer and recruit his friends. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Who do you think will come?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan rubbed his chin and thought. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patti is a lock! This is right up her alley, and wherever Patti goes, Roxanne goes. I\u8217\'92m sure I can get Guido to commit, and I think I could convince three or four more friends to help out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guido? I wouldn\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d be interested in volunteering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah was surprised that Evan thought Guido would have any interest in volunteering on a project like this. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Evan looked at Marcus, half serious,  half joking. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will there be single adult females volunteering?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus sees where Evan is going with this. He chuckled and played along. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure there will be plenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a great incentive. We\u8217\'92ll add a six-pack of beer for a job well done, and Guido will be in!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah wanted to crawl under a rock. She was certain this was not an appropriate thing to say to Marcus. But as before, the unexpected happened. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Marcus laughed even louder than he had before. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to meet this Guido fella.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan comically rolled his eyes ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, you can wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus laughed even harder. His eyes began to water. Evan laughed along with him. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Finally, Sarah let go of her fear. The conversation was not only going well but well beyond her expectations. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, has the bidding started yet on the auction items?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In 10 minutes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you what, young Evan. If you can recruit a few friends and at least one Guido, the Bears tickets are yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan was shocked, thrilled, excited, grateful. He profusely thanked Marcus. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m positive. A handful of young volunteers is worth much more than we\u8217\'92ll get at auction for those tickets.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Marcus turned to Sarah. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you pull the Bears tickets off the auction table?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to think or say. But they were his Bears tickets. He could do as he pleased. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go pull them right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 End: }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[Before Marcus answers Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s question, he calls to Sarah, who is just started walking away. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, those are valuable tickets. Put them somewhere safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah turns to Marcus and nods confirmation.]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Marcus then continues to answer Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s question humorously. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Marcus: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Decent quarterback? The Bears? Probably in the year 2000 never?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Both men laughed, and other men started joining the conversation, talking about the Bear\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s quarterback woes and other sports-related topics. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ As Sarah left, their voices faded into the background. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::8>Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene shows Sarah realizing that Evan can still be himself and fit into her world. This goes a long way in whittling Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s remaining resistance to going all in on the relationship.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Bears tickets<!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 When writing the scene, do not add, change, or delete any of the dialogue provided in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plot/Action\u8221\'94 section. At your full discretion, add narrative, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue as needed to write a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 When writing the scene, please generously use Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s internal dialogue as her anxiety levels increase and decrease and eventually dissipate by the scene\u8217\'92s end. }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::8>}}