{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-885611\li1276267\lin1276267}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2107\li6068\lin6068}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Revealing the Mystery Guest<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The enigmatic dinner guest's identity was unveiled\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it was none other than Evan and Liz's mother, someone they believed was enjoying a cruise with her husband's family. As it turned out, the cruise was scheduled for two days later. To the surprise of Liz and Evan, At Joe's request and expense, Bridget had flown from Florida to Chicago for a brief visit, intending to spend Christmas Eve and most of Christmas with them. Joe and Bridget craftily deceived Liz and Evan by making them believe the cruise had set sail two days prior.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 And last scene, the mystery guest to the Christmas Eve dinner had just entered the room but was hiding behind Joe. The end of the last scene Joe stepped out of the way to reveal the mystery guest. In this scene is where the readers will finally find out this mystery guest is.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois. A northern suburb of Chicago.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene takes place from approximately 6 o'clock, when Sarah and Evan arrive, in the evening until dinner was complete.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Frigid cold in windy outside \endash  a typical winter day in Chicago. It's dry and cold and this day, but Liz hopes for snow the following day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah, Liz, Evan, Joe <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Bridget, Liz and Evan's mom. She was the mystery guest.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan and Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> They couldn't be more excited that their mom was a mystery guest. This Christmas she was supposed to be spending it on a cruise with her husband of two years and his family. They thought she was in the Bahamas, and so guessing her never registered on their radar.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Whatever frigidity still existed and Sarah was melting away fast. Although still much more participant than observer, she found it impossible to not be significantly impacted by the warm, loving, nature of this family and the youthful excitement they all exhibited. Their love and excitement were contagious, and even a typically stoic Sarah was not immune.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::6>The following sections will be provided later in three separate parts. However, all three parts use this exact same scene profile/template.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li706\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Beginning}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Middle}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 End<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This event really brings home how loving and caring this family is for each other. Seeing two adults of 21 and 23 years old practically tackle their mother with enthusiasm was a sight to see. Especially for Sarah who wouldn't think about tackling either one of her parents due to over enthusiasm or any other reason. She loved her parents, but her relationship with them was never anything like this. It was one of honor and respect, not warmth and affection.<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 N/A<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: "[describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment]" or "Liz (smiling warmly):". }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: "Liz (playful teasing):".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  All dialogue provided must be used verbatim. Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: "Evan: Patti, how dare you!'".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize "showing" over "telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: "Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}