{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The chill crept into the bones of the group as they gathered in the designated parking area for the volunteers, the cold and wind nipping at them as they waited for Patti. Darkness had fallen about an hour ago, leaving the air colder and the group ill-prepared in their sweat-soaked clothes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido's impatience was undeniable. He shifted his weight from one foot to another, his eyes occasionally darting towards his car as if the fridge full of beers at home was a siren's call he couldn't resist. On the flip side, }{\f0\fs26\b0 Guido shifted impatiently, rubbing his arms to generate\~warmth.\~"Those beers won't drink themselves," he muttered, more to himself than anyone\~else.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Roxanne sent him a sharp look, silencing him momentarily. Her face was a mask of concern and curiosity, all directed at Patti, who was now approaching them, her face etched with a mixture of resignation and determination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti's friends, excluding Guido, waited with bated breath, their eyes glued to her as she came closer. They had seen the look in Evan's eyes, and now they were anxious to hear from Patti.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti hesitated, her eyes drifting past them for a moment as if focusing on something else, something beyond the present situation. She took a deep breath, her chest rising and falling, a shiver running through her body--not entirely from the cold.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He's in love with her, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 she thought, the words like a painful truth she had to accept.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> And I have to support him. Even if I feel he is making a huge mistake.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Patti," Roxanne called out, her voice tight with concern. "What happened? What did Evan say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti cleared her throat, her voice cutting through the crisp evening air, "Hey guys, I spoke with Evan." The group's attention snapped to her, their eyes fixed on her as if waiting for a verdict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "He wasn't exactly thrilled with what I had to say," Patti continued, her tone calm but tinged with a hint of resignation. "He's upset that his friends aren't supporting him." She looked at each of them in turn, her gaze steady, "But I told him that he's in love with Sarah and he's committed to her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido rolled his eyes, his impatience evident. "Can we get this show on the road? It's getting cold out here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti pressed on, undeterred by Guido's urgency. "I think it's important that we back Evan's choice, just like he would do for any of us. If this relationship ends up hurting him, then we should be there to support him." She paused, her gaze lingering on each friend, "I'm going to support him. It's the least we can do as his friends."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Roxanne's expression softened slightly, though her skepticism was still apparent. She nodded in agreement, her voice quiet but firm, "For Patti's sake, I'll bite my tongue around Sarah. I won't make things more difficult."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The rest of the group nodded in varying degrees of agreement, their initial concerns seemingly overshadowed by the realization that Evan was determined to be with Sarah. The tension that had hung in the air seemed to dissipate, replaced by a sense of acceptance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a nod, Patti concluded, "Alright, let's head home. It's getting colder, and I think we could all use some warmth." As the group began to disperse, Guido wasted no time in heading towards his car, his steps quick and purposeful.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He's with Sarah, for now anyway,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, the words a final acceptance of reality. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>It is what it is.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Patti walked towards her own car, her mind was a whirlwind of emotions. She felt a sense of helplessness, unable to shake the feeling that Evan might eventually get his heart broken. A glimmer of hope still lingered, a faint dream that maybe, one day, they could explore a romantic relationship. But above all, she valued his friendship and resolved to stand by him, whatever the future held.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}