{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 End:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>With Evan gone, Sarah now realized that Liz had been watching the whole time. Her regret and guilt had returned, not only for breaking her promised Evan, but for her earlier remark about ridiculous ugly Christmas sweaters.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Sarah }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (remorseful)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I haven't made a very good first impression have I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Liz was beyond charmed with the scene that she had just gone down. She approached Sarah and gently raised her head using her curled index finger.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (sincere and caring)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I could not have been more impressed by what I just saw. I wasn't sure how to stay with and fold. But while you were 'freshening up'\endash \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz and Sarah both chuckled as Liz air quoted freshening up, both knowing what she was really doing was working.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (continued)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Evan has been updating me on the positive impact you have had his life. But that's not the most important thing I just saw. You're the most important thing is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah shook her head no.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (continued)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The most important thing is that you told your brother that you loved him. And it was clear that he meant it. Nothing else matters to me more than that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah was finally getting use to this whole hugging thing that seemed to accompany Evan as he entered her life. For the first time, maybe ever. She was the one who initiated a hug. She really liked Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz could see that the boys were out of their way and she want to squeeze one more important sentiment in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf5 Liz }{\f3\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 (sincerely)}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know you and Evan are new and fresh, and the future is unknown. But right here, right now, I consider you a member of our family.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ End the scene in Sarah's thoughts and feelings. This is a very touching and unexpected moment and feeling for Sarah. In the short time she had been here she'd been through wave of emotions, and the current feeling was full of warmth and love.  ] }}