{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan had lost all interest in studying. Sarah's face filled his mind, crowding out academic trivialities. He chose to linger near the undergrad library, the site of their unexpected kiss, hoping she'd come back. Maybe she'd want her broken glasses, or even better, yearn for his company as he yearned for hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 He paced restlessly, his eyes scanning the vicinity. He wandered off to the Morrow Plots occasionally, seeking distraction in the vast expanse of farmland. But his fear of missing her return always drew him back. The stubborn clock hands seemed to relish his anguish, marching forward unhurriedly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 An hour slipped away, yet Sarah remained a ghostly absence. Evan resolved to fix her glasses and return tomorrow, hoping she'd be there, that the rhythms of their schedules would miraculously align. He clung to this slender thread of hope, ignoring the gnawing unease in his gut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 With his decision made, Evan sought out Guido. The Quad thrummed with student life, but Guido was easy to find, chatting up two sophomore girls. Evan knew his friend's approach - scatter the seeds wide and wait for a sprout. He had a knack for these things, an unwavering resilience despite frequent rejections.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 A firm yank on Guido's shirt disrupted his attempted conquest, sending the girls off with amused giggles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I gotta tell you something!" Evan blurted out, a sense of urgency underscoring his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido, ever the performer, complained, "Hey, Man! Why'd you do that?" He scoffed, "I had those two in the palm of my hand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan dismissed the protest with a wave. "You did not. Never mind about that. I got something to tell you!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido, curiosity piqued, waited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I just kissed the most beautiful, amazing, wonderful woman in the world!" Evan confessed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido chuckled, "Sure you did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I did, Guido! I am telling you I did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Questions poured forth from Guido. "Where is she? What's her name?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I don't know. She ran off before I could get her name and number," Evan admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido guffawed, "You're just fucking with me. You know everyone on campus."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 But Evan insisted, producing Sarah's broken glasses, "I'm telling you the truth. Here's proof. They fell off when we kissed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "That must've been one hell of a kiss!" Guido laughed, but a spark of surprise ignited in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan nodded, lost in memories of their brief encounter. "We kissed before we even spoke one word to each other. I think I will call her Cinderella. Instead of leaving a glass slipper, she left eyeglasses."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Even Guido had to admit, "You kissed a girl seconds after meeting her? That's not like you, bro."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido's inquiry about Evan's next move prompted a request, "Do you have an eyeglass repair kit?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido's incredulous look preceded his sarcastic retort, "Sure, I got one in my back pocket."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan shrugged it off, setting his sights on the mall. He had a mission, a chance to reconnect with Cinderella, and he wouldn't let a missing eyeglass repair kit deter him. Guido, spotting another potential conquest, opted to stay behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan walked away, every step a leap of faith. He clung to the hope of seeing Sarah again, his heart fluttering like a moth drawn to a flame.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>(Author's style: Suzanne Collins. Collins's style is characterized by her vivid and engaging descriptions, character-driven narratives, and her use of suspense. The scene captures these elements, using immersive description to paint a picture of the surroundings, and character-driven narrative to convey the inner thoughts and feelings of Evan. The anticipation of Sarah's possible return creates a sense of suspense throughout the scene.) <!$Scr_Cs::0>}}