{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red217\green149\blue148;\red118\green146\blue60;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0140 Sarah Asks Katie For Help}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Katie}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apartment}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Exciting, hopeful, anticipatory, friendly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Not relevant for this scene}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please revise and enhance this scene, but prioritize preserving my original dialogue and structure as much as possible. While the narrative description is important for setting the scene and expressing the characters' internal thoughts, I prefer a heavier emphasis on dialogue to carry the scene forward. Allow the characters' words and interactions to reveal their personalities and the nuances of the situation.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah and Katie stepped into the expansive luxury apartment, the embodiment of modern opulence. Katie's eyes danced around the room, absorbing the immaculate cleanliness, the minimalist furniture, and the breathtaking view that the floor-to-ceiling windows provided.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, this place is amazing! How many bedrooms are there?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>asked Katie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>replied Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is your roommate home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a roommate. It\u8217\'92s just me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No roommate!? You must be rich.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father is. He owns a large corporation. He wanted me to have an extra bedroom that I could use as an office. I prefer my office in my bedroom, or I work at the dining room table where I have spread out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t even imagine what it\u8217\'92s like not to have to share a room. It makes it impossible to study.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah saw an opportunity to extend an olive branch of friendship. "If you like, you can use my place if you need to study for a big test or just need some quiet time," she offered.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would be wonderful! Are you sure it\u8217\'92s okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, just give me some advance notice. If you stay the night, I just asked that you wash the linens and return the room to its normal condition before you leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely! Thank you so much,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Katie said<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  and }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>then gave Sarah another hug<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah was not used to being hugged in such an affectionate way. She was surprised how good it felt.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sch}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>edule<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 d an appointment with my stylist. She asked me to send a picture, so she can get an idea of what she might want to do.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie snapped a picture of Sarah and sent it to her stylist<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has you penciled in at 3 o\u8217\'92clock. Before I confirm, I need to know your budget,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>said Katie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any budgetary constraints. My father always stresses how important it is to look your best in any situation. He provides me with a credit card, pays my expenses, and gives me a generous allowance each month. It\u8217\'92s way more than I need. I end up with about half of everything in the bank.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you are the luckiest girl I know! It is going to be fun shopping with you,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>said an ecstatic Katie.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said it had been a while since you dated?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t dated since I was 16,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>admitted Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'9316? If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking, are you a,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie paused for a moment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>then continued<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93virgin?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I was never very interested in sex. But that\u8217\'92s all the other girls ever seemed to talk about when I was in high school. I got curious and wanted to see what all the fuss was about. There was a boy I was attracted to, so I chose him to be my first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 I discussed it with my parents. While they did not approve, they usually support me when I have thoroughly considered a decision. They even bought me condoms.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I had parents like that,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>said Katie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, how\u8217\'92d it go with the guy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At first, I liked the idea of having a boyfriend. But after we had sex a few times, that\u8217\'92s all he wanted to do. That ended quickly. I thought I\u8217\'92d give it one more try with another guy. He was in all my honor classes, and we had a lot more in common, but my schedule was too busy for a boyfriend, so we broke up. I didn\u8217\'92t find the sex all that great, and I have thought little about boys or sex since then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were young. He was young. It\u8217\'92ll be different when you find the right guy. So, tell me about the guy you\u8217\'92re dating tonight. What\u8217\'92s his name? How did you meet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s facial expression brightened<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name is Evan. We bumped into each other outside the Undergrad Library. He saved me from falling on the steps. I don\u8217\'92t know what came over me, but the way he looked at me and told me he wanted to kiss me. I just couldn\u8217\'92t help myself,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah confessed<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, did you kiss?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Katie asked in great anticipation<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we did! Katie, I\u8217\'92ve never experienced anything like that. It was like this whole other version of myself took over my body, and it felt incredible. My body was vibrating for hours afterward. Evan said the universe meant for us to meet like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my gosh, that\u8217\'92s so romantic! Did that happen last week before class? Was that why you were late?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. After we kissed, I got scared and ran off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scared? Were you worried about being late for class?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that. I feared the way he made me feel. I decided not to date anyone while I was in school. I\u8217\'92ve seen other girls lose focus because of a guy. Their grades suffered, and one girl even had to drop out of a class to avoid failing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I came to this university to get a bachelor\u8217\'92s degree and to make academic and business contacts that might help me in my future. I did not enroll in college to fall for some guy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you ran away, how did you end up making a date?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>asked Katie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I lost my glasses during the fall. He fixed them and tracked me down in the library. I did my best to resist him, but eventually, I agreed to go out with him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you decided to break your no dating policy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t have a choice. Every time he kisses me, I can\u8217\'92t think straight. Since the moment I met him, I haven\u8217\'92t been able to study or focus on anything. All I think about is him. Maybe this date will help clear my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you worried this might develop into something more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have thought a lot about that. If I could find a way to have a relationship with Evan without being distracted from my work, I would like that. The thought of having someone by my side when attending an event or someone to hang out with here at the apartment has great appeal,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>admitted Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he is a good kisser!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>added Katie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is a large part of the appeal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you thought about having sex with Evan? The right partner might change your mind about sex.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard for me to think of anything else. Something about that man just does it for me in the best way. It\u8217\'92s both terrifying and exciting, if that makes any sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>said Katie<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I got a pretty good picture of what\u8217\'92s going on here. Can we look at your wardrobe?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah showed Katie her bedroom closet. Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s closet was divided into three distinct sections, business attire, formal attire, and casual. The casual being the smallest, containing a couple of pairs of jeans and tops.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are these designer dresses?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Katie asked in amazement<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are gorgeous but overkill for your date tonight. Do you ever wear them?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93All the time. My father stresses the importance of allocating some of my time to philanthropic endeavors. He says it\u8217\'92s good to give to those less fortunate and a great way to make business connections, and it looks good on a resume. Since I don\u8217\'92t need money, I volunteer as an events coordinator for various nonprofit companies in the area.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Almost every week, I am attending either a fundraising event or a business social.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know you led such an interesting life. Alright, let\u8217\'92s get to business. Nothing in this closet is going to help us tonight. After your makeover, we\u8217\'92ll hit the mall hard and find you something perfect for this evening. I can\u8217\'92t go shopping with you in that business suit,\u8221\'94 said Katie as she handed Liz a pair of jeans and a top from the closet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Katie asked Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have contacts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Change into these clothes and put your contacts in, and we\u8217\'92ll head to our appointment. Do you have a Facebook account?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I do,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>answered Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you mind if I look at it while you get ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead, open the laptop on the table, and it should log you in.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}