{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Under the clear, autumn sky, the central Illinois farmlands bore the scars of a recent tornado's wrath. A small area of land lay devastated, its old houses and barns incapable of withstanding the tornado's forceful winds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Sarah and Marcus discussed the plans for the Saturday project to help clean up the debris from a tornado that had ravaged the central Illinois farmlands. It was around 8 AM.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   As they finalized the details, Evan, Guido, Patti, Roxanne, and a few other friends exuded high energy as they walked toward Sarah and Marcus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   On the way from the parking area, Guido pointed out all the "hot chicks" that had volunteered. A promise of single adult females was half the lure that got Guido to volunteer. He reminded Evan that the second lure was a six-pack of beer and asked where it was. Evan told him there were two cases of beer chilling in their apartment fridge. No drinking until after the job was done, and there was enough beer for their friends who had volunteered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Evan was more interested in Sarah. The sight of her instantly brought a smile to his face as he walked toward her, planning to give her a big hug and a kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Sarah looked up as Evan was about 50 feet away from her and knew that he was going to want to engage in some PDA. She subtly nodded no to him because, although she had become more comfortable with PDA around friends and campus, PDA in the public workplace was not appropriate. Evan got the message and stayed back with his friends. He wasn't upset; he understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Marcus and Sarah were finishing up when Marcus saw Evan and his group of friends. He had only heard of Guido the one time, but instantly knew. Marcus walked up to Evan, shook his hand, and said, "It's great to see you again. I see you brought your crew with you." He looked at Guido, put out his hand, and said, "You must be Guido."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   They shook hands, and Guido said, "Damn right I am."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Evan apologized for his embarrassing friend. But Marcus just laughed it off and said he would expect nothing less from Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Marcus pulled out four Bears tickets and handed them to Evan. A reward Marcus had promised Evan if he brought a handful of his friends to volunteer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Guido was crazy excited and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better get one of those!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Roxanne, still not liking Sarah, chimed in and sarcastically said something like, "I'm pretty sure he's going to take his girlfriend."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Sarah, unfazed by Roxanne's passive-aggressive attitude, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you four should go. Football is not really my thing, and I know you guys will have a great time.\u8221\'94 Evan asked her if she was sure, and she was sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Marcus made a ten-minute update for all the volunteers, not just Evan and his friends, on exactly how the damage happened and thanked them for volunteering. He then handed the reins over to Sarah and left the area to attend other meetings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   A well-prepared Sarah assigned tasks to everyone. She laid out her plans and goals for the day. She told everybody the schedule for lunch and explained that sunset would mark the end of the work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   She distributed work gloves and hardhats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   She asked if anyone needed anything, but no one seemed to need anything. She provided everyone with her mobile phone number in case they needed assistance later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   As she was finishing up, Katie came sprinting up to volunteer, running a little late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   High energy filled the air as the volunteers showed enthusiasm for the good cause ahead, despite knowing that the work would be strenuous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Katie profusely apologized for being late and asked Sarah, "What did I miss?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   Sarah laughed and opted not to repeat everything she and Marcus had just discussed. Instead, she told Katie to follow her, handed her gloves and a hard hat, and instructed her to work with Evan and his friends. They could fill her in on what she needed to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0   However, Sarah asked Katie for help in buying food and refreshments for the volunteers at 11 AM. The load was too much for one person to handle. Katie enthusiastically agreed to Sarah's request.}}