{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah stepped into the grandiose great room, her eyes widening as she took in the sprawling space. The 20-foot ceiling added a cavernous feeling, intensifying the enormity of the room. On the wall, a 90-inch flatscreen TV blared pre-game commentary. A sea of Evan's friends occupied the luxurious sectional sofa and additional chairs, their eyes flicking from their conversations to the TV and back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I don't belong here,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  she thought, as Evan led her further into the room, his hand warmly enclosing hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Hey everyone, for those who don't know, this is my girlfriend Sarah," Evan announced, an excited grin on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A chorus of "Hey Sarah!" and "Nice to meet you!" filled the air, but the greetings felt like echoes in a tunnel to her. She plastered a smile on her face, mimicking enthusiasm. Evan, buoyed by the atmosphere and the imminent game, was a stark contrast to her reluctance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Just get through this,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  she urged herself, clinging to Evan's promise to be the designated driver for the night as a lifeline. A well-stocked kitchen lay adjacent to the great room, its marble countertops gleaming. "I see wine. Want some?" Evan asked, pointing to the fridge filled with a variety of drinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Yes, please," Sarah replied, her voice a tad too eager.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As Evan poured her a glass of Pinot Noir, Sarah looked over at the game area to her left. Guido was already bent over a pool table, carefully aiming his cue. Nearby, a few others were playing a video game, their shouts blending into the cacophony of sounds surrounding the TV. }{\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>It's just noise. All of it<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0 , she mused, taking a long sip of her wine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The game started, and the room erupted into cheers and boos, depending on the plays. Every fumble or penalty drew shouts of indignation and obscenities. Sarah couldn't keep up; she didn't even want to. She glanced at Evan, who was engrossed, occasionally jumping up to high-five Guido or Roxanne as they cheered for the Bears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Isn't this exciting?" Patti leaned in to shout over the noise, her face flushed from excitement or alcohol--maybe both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Sure is," Sarah shouted back, empty words that tasted flat in her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan returned to his seat, squeezing Sarah's knee. "You okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 She forced a smile. "I'm fine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As the night wore on, the energy in the room shifted. The Bears were losing miserably. One by one, Evan's friends migrated to the game area, engaging in drinking games and loud conversations. Through it all, Evan stayed by her side, his enthusiasm dimming as he picked up on her discomfort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Once the game ended and the room let out a collective sigh of disappointment, Evan turned to her. "I think we're going to head out. I've got that test tomorrow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah felt a twinge of guilt. "I'm sorry I'm not more into this," she said as they said their goodbyes and navigated through the throng of people towards the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Don't be. I should've known this wasn't your scene," Evan replied, wrapping an arm around her as they stepped into the cool night air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 They shared a tender, lingering kiss before parting ways, but as Sarah climbed into her car, doubt filled her mind. }{\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>How will this work? Can it work?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  She felt the weight of her concerns like a stone sinking in a deep, endless pool.}{\f0\fs26\i1\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}