{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red139\green93\blue0;\red118\green146\blue60;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah Relents and agrees to a date}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Summary}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : After catching up with Sarah outside the food court, Evan continues to engage her. Despite her initial reluctance, Sarah's resistance weakens, and she agrees to go on a date with Evan later in the week, a notable development in their budding relationship.}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Evan, Sarah}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Locations}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Outside on the campus of the University of Illinois, somewhere between the food court and the parking lot.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Time of Day}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Morning}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sweet, funny, intriguing, exciting, frantic. The scene has a bit of all emotion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li230\fi-10\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This scene is essential because it shows Evan is more than muscles, lips, and charm. When Sarah makes yet another attempt to escape, and this time Evan stops her, they finally have a chance to talk.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah is used to being the smartest person in the room, even amongst adults older than her. That being said, this shows that Evan can hold his own in a conversation with her. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 At first, Sarah's disoriented by Evan's ability to communicate with her so intelligently. Sarah found herself more attracted to Evan with every word he said. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This may be very subtle in this scene, but Sarah begins to see that she could have a relationship with someone like Evan. Evan is someone not afraid to challenge her. She was impressed by how Evan was not intimidated by her IQ or GPA. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 But more than that, she felt herself changing in real time as she spoke to him. He brought a softer side out in her. He got her to think outside of her rigid box \endash  thinking in ways she had never thought before.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 If possible, or once they start talking outside the food court, see if you can build the attraction momentum as she becomes more and more attracted to him. Although she still resists. The attraction building is as much intellectual as it is physical. Sarah could have resisted Evan if the attraction was merely physical. The way to Sarah's heart is through her mind.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I've included a rough first draft. Here are a few items I need help with:}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Please revise and enhance this scene, but prioritize preserving my original dialogue and structure as much as possible. I'm particularly interested in maintaining the authentic voice of my characters and the specific flow of the conversation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 What I like about this scene is how it escalates the scene before. In the prior scenes, Evan gets Sarah to agree to a 15-minute break. Now he gets her to agree to a date. As the scenes move forward, he successfully whittles away her resistance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I like how this scene has multiple emotions. Try keeping those in the scene as much as possible.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 There is no need for any full upfront vivid detail of the location/setting, but feel free to integrate into this heavy dialogue scene as needed. There outside on a breezy warm sunny day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Remove all "Evan:" and "Sarah:" labels. Feel free to insert, modify, or remove dialogue tags and action tags at your discretion. Remember that I would like the dialogue to stay intact as much as possible.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  was intent on not letting her get away again. He chased after her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan called her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Cinderella, wait up, wait up!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 before catching up with her}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 She stopped and turned to him}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you call me Cinderella?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re always running away from me like it\u8217\'92s midnight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you keep pursuing me? It\u8217\'92s clear there are plenty of adoring females that would welcome your attention.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to learn more about you. What\u8217\'92s wrong with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t take a genius to see that we exist in different worlds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 Evan laughed}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess. You\u8217\'92re a genius?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do have a genius IQ, but that\u8217\'92s not my point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is your point?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As a couple, we make little sense. I came to college to get an education and network with professionals to further my academic and professional careers. I committed to focusing on my work and refraining from distracting relationships. You don\u8217\'92t need me. You must know every female on campus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 Evan smiled}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you jealous? You have nothing to worry about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not jealous. I simply can\u8217\'92t understand why you\u8217\'92re focusing your attention on me." Sarah asked, her arms crossed as she faced him, her eyes brimming with questions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan looked at her, his eyes reflecting a mix of curiosity and genuine interest. "I don't know, Sarah. There's just something about you. You're different from the girls I'm used to meeting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "You don't even know me," she countered, her voice softer than intended, her gaze shifting to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 He nodded, acknowledging her point. "That's true," he admitted, a breeze lifting a lock of his hair as he met her gaze again. "But let me ask you something. Why did you kiss me? Why are you here with me now instead of studying?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 She dropped her gaze to her feet, her foot tracing an absent pattern on the pavement. "Other than the obvious\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" she began, implying Evan's good looks. Her voice tapered off to a whisper, "I don't know either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 A persuasive plea etched in Evan's eyes as he stepped closer to her, the distance between them shrinking. "Well, let's find out together," he said earnestly, his voice barely above a whisper. "Go to dinner with me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah remained silent, not ready to surrender, not prepared to escape.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand the importance of education, but college is more than classes and exams. It\u8217\'92s about relationships, having fun, trying new things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promised my Father that typical college hijinks would not distract me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did your Father ask you not to build meaningful relationships?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, not exactly. He advised me to stay focused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think he doesn\u8217\'92t want you to enjoy your college experience?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I don\u8217\'92t think that. He does say how important it is to be a well-rounded individual. But Evan, I made a plan that makes sense and has held to it for three years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t it make sense to enjoy your college life? Doesn\u8217\'92t it make sense, as you say, to be well-rounded? If so, doesn\u8217\'92t it make sense to pursue new relationships?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah was exasperated. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t used to someone challenging her perspective so effectively. \u8220\'93You have got my head spinning. It doesn\u8217\'92t help that every time you kiss me, my IQ drops 50 points. How can my plan make so much sense, yet your completely opposite approach makes sense too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can a piece of paper be both thin and wide?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 That statement made her think long enough for Evan to kiss her again.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t work Thursday. Let\u8217\'92s have dinner away from campus. Do you like Thai food? The Thai Garden is a great place. It\u8217\'92s too expensive for your average college crowd, but it won\u8217\'92t break the bank. Thursday night, dinner at seven? It\u8217\'92s just one date. Let\u8217\'92s get to know each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, I will meet you there at 7:30.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan }{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>smacked his hand together<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s awesome! Can I get your phone number? Your Last Name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah still had mixed feelings. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s wait and see how it goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any plans now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am going to drive home and try to get some work done,\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>said Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan held out his hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I walk you to your car?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Her breath returned to normal as she became more comfortable holding hands in public. When they got to her car, Evan asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I get a kiss goodbye?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of Course!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 After not being kissed for five years, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get enough of Evan\u8217\'92s kisses. After a long make-out session, }{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan asked<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that IQ doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah made a rare joke, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'932+2 equals 10.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 They laughed together as if it was the funniest joke ever told.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan said<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid to let you go. I\u8217\'92m worried you won\u8217\'92t show up on Thursday.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I\u8217\'92ll be there. I never break an appointment unless it\u8217\'92s an emergency.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}