{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan sat in the lavish lobby of The Grandeur Hotel, his heart racing with both excitement and nerves. The surroundings dripped with opulence, from the sparkling chandeliers to the plush velvet furniture. He glanced at his phone, anticipating Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instructions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A text buzzed in, guiding him to the open bar of he Grand Ballroom on the third floor. His eyes widened at her consideration - his own hotel room, free drinks, no concerns about driving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He made his way through the opulent hallways, eyes widening at the sheer luxury of it all. Gold-colored elevators carried him to the grand ballroom, large enough to host hundreds of dining guests. His eyes scanned the room, finally landing on Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 There she was, tall and blonde, bouncing around the room, directing staff with authority and grace. He was captivated, seeing her in her element.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve never seen her like this. She\u8217\'92s incredible.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He approached the bar, uncertainty tugging at him. The bartender, Jenni, a woman in her 30s, seemed approachable, her smile warm and friendly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First time at an event like this?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it that obvious?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A little bit. But Sarah told me you\u8217\'92d be coming. I\u8217\'92m Jenni. I\u8217\'92m going to guess that you\u8217\'92re Evan.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That I am,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah vouched for your age, so I won\u8217\'92t bug you for an ID. What\u8217\'92s your poison?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea what to order at a place like this. I don\u8217\'92t want wine or beer. Any suggestions?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jenni\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened as she whipped up a drink. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This\u8217\'92ll help loosen up your nerves, but I would take it slow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in it?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he asked curiously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah tells me you\u8217\'92re in college. Although the drinks are free here, I figured I\u8217\'92d make you something you can afford when you return home. It\u8217\'92s a Jack and Coke.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan took a small sip, his eyes lighting up. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you might. Just take it easy there, college boy. You don\u8217\'92t want to embarrass Sarah on her big night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you known Sarah long?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he asked, intrigued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For about a year. I\u8217\'92m her first choice to tend bar for her fundraisers. She\u8217\'92s a great boss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get me wrong, she is tough. She makes it clear what she expects; if you don\u8217\'92t deliver, you\u8217\'92re out. She doesn\u8217\'92t take crap from anyone. But if you\u8217\'92re good at your job, do what she asks of you without any attitude, she treats you well and makes sure that you get paid well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had no idea. I\u8217\'92ve been amazed watching her bounce around the room,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan said, admiration in his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That girl is versatile. Once the party starts, she works the room like a pro.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed, intrigued.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure what that means.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jenni laughed in return. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means she knows how to squeeze the dollars out of even the stingiest misers. I\u8217\'92m glad she\u8217\'92ll have someone beside her tonight to stave off the wolves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wolves?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan asked, concern creeping in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get me wrong, Sarah can hold her own with anyone in the room. She finds a way to shoo them away while still getting them to empty their pocketbooks through donations or overpaying on auction items.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who does she shoo away?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan asked, fascination growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jenni laughed loudly. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About half the guys you\u8217\'92re going to see tonight. Mostly older men, some of them married.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her laughter died down as she saw Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worried expression.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, their money doesn\u8217\'92t impress Sarah. She may let them think they have a shot with her, but she always keeps it professional. She\u8217\'92s a pro.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re telling me I don\u8217\'92t have anything to worry about?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he asked, hope in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>You have nothing to worry about! Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not one to share details of her personal life, but when she mentioned you were coming to the event, her face lit up in a way I\u8217\'92ve never seen before.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The words sank into Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart, solidifying what he already felt deep down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>She cares about me. And I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m in love with her.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They continued to chat until Sarah spotted Evan and approached the bar. Her eyes twinkled with excitement, and her smile warmed his soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The usual?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jenni asked Sarah, who nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Jenni served up Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wine, she gave Evan a welcoming, gentle hug, a silent promise of a beautiful night ahead. They exchanged smiles, and Evan knew, without a doubt, that he was where he was meant to be.}}