{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Mystery Guest Guesses<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 1: Middle of the Scene}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan guided Sarah to the seat on one side of the table that was next to his. His seat was to Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s right. There\u8217\'92s a seat was at the end of the table to Sarah\u8217\'92s left. The other end of the table to Evan\u8217\'92s right was Joe\u8217\'92s seat. Across from Sarah was an empty seat with a place setting for the mystery guests who had yet to arrive. Next to that mystery guest was an empty seat with no place setting. Sarah quickly did the math and realized they were going to be five altogether.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Now that the turkey was ready to be carved, everyone went into action. This trio clearly done this before. Sarah marveled as the three navigated flawlessly a small kitchen without even a near collision. There was lots of movement but absolutely no dialogue, everyone seemed to know their assigned task.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe was the first to exit the activity loop. He had a large fork and a carving knife. While he was carving the turkey, Evan and Sarah brought all the sides to the middle the table, filled everybody\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s bowls with salad, filled their glasses with wine, and before you knew it, Evan and Liz sat down at the table while Joe was carving the turkey and Liz was passing them out everyone.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan waited for the go-ahead from Liz, and he grabbed the mashed potatoes start with an past the sides along to Sarah who passed them to Liz. While Joe was busy carving the turkey, Liz place the sites on his plate for him.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>When enough turkey was carved enough for everybody to have at least two servings, Joe put the turkey in the oven on low so when is late arriving guest arrived, they wouldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t have to microwave everything to heat it up.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 [ You have full discretion to write whatever you want as far as the content goes, but as always please carefully review the special instructions and follow them religiously.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 Here was what I would like you to do for the scene: }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 1. Describe the dining room including the large wooden table with two chairs on either side and two chairs on the end for a total of six people that could sit there. Use information above to explain the seating arrangement in a way that doesn\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92t bore the reader.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 2. Describe the entertaining and impressive the trio of Sarah, Evan, and Joe seamlessly and silently work together to efficiently deliver the meal to the guests. We want the readers to understand this is not the first rodeo for the screw. They know what they\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92re doing when it comes to setting up a holiday feast.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 3. Use the information below marked by the tag \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Tutor}{\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 :\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8221\'94. That will describe Sarah\u8217\'92s background and provide an understanding of why Sarah can quickly snap back into her less personable methods of socializing. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 This is relevant in that throughout the book Sarah yo-yo's back-and-forth between the warmth and nurturing environment of Evan's family juxtaposed to her more rigid cool of breaking that she has known her whole life. The more experience she has with the warmer side of love, the more she likes it. Unfortunately this also increases her stress levels and her inner conflict as her entire life is always been about one thing. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 With her clarity diminishing, this inner conflict gets closer and closer to the surface. In the next couple of scenes what I want the reader to see is that while Sarah just snapped back from a heartfelt moment in the last scene to cold in this scene, it doesn't last long. Eventually the warmth energy nature of the Vaughn family wins out. But to get the reader there we have to first explain how she went back to her old ways in the first place. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 I want the reader to experience Sarah\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s evolving emotional state as a venture through the scene in this chapter. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Sarah\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s Tutor: }{Following the poignant events of the previous chapter, something within Sarah reverted her to her more rigid demeanor. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a conscious decision; we come to understand later in the chapter, perhaps even in this scene. It\u8217\'92s revealed that Sarah\u8217\'92s father had engaged a tutor who instilled in her the principles of finishing school, heavily emphasizing business etiquette. The emphasis was always on maintaining composure, perfect posture, and unwavering politeness. The tutor went as far as to teach Sarah six or seven different facial expressions to use based on the circumstances. The moment Sarah settled at the dinner table, years of ingrained training unconsciously steered her toward an analytical approach in such scenarios.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6 ]}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf6
\par\plain \f6\fs18\b0\i0}