{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red139\green93\blue0;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red0\green135\blue216;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>End:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Bridget:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You'll see some of our holiday traditions this evening. Does your family practice any holiday traditions?\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My dad was never want to make a big deal at Christmas time. My mom always bought a Christmas tree, and we decorated it. But that was the extent of our tradition.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah thought of it longer.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (continued)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I guess we did have one tradition. I just never really thought of as a tradition. My father came from modest beginnings. When things were going well for him, he didn't want to change she was, and as a child he when we understand the value of money. At Christmas time we are each allowed by each other just one gift. The gift had to be under a certain limit which changed over the years. When I was old enough to walk, on Christmas day or Christmas Eve, we do something to give back to the community. It was different every year. Sometimes it was working at the soup kitchen, sometimes passing out toys to underprivileged children.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (jumped into seeing Sarah's praises)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. You\u8217\'92ve been a philanthropist since you were a toddler.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah laughed at Liz's comment.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Evan }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (looking deeply in this Sarah's eyes as he says this to the group)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah is an amazing woman. Always has been, always will be.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah blushed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Bridget:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93We we also have a version of a one gift tradition?\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Is that this movie that Evan tells me a love, ball coming with movie is.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Joe }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (rolling his eyes)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Don't tell me you're going to make us all watch that movie again.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (defending her tradition)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It's a great movie, Sarah's going to love it.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Joe }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (smiling)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you say, Liz.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Bridget }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (getting back to the point)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93After dinner, and the dishes are all done, we each get to open one present on Christmas Eve.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I may have to forgo that tradition this year. With all my volunteer work, I have had to cut my hours at the gym. I only have one gift for each of you.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Bridget:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well, then your and Sarah's presence shall be our gift tonight. What better gift than to see\u8221\'94a young couple in love."}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan hugged his mom and thanked her for being understanding. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Everybody had clearly had their fill at dinner, and now it came time for cleanup.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Liz:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Alright bro. You know the drill we did the cooking you do the cleaning.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (smiling)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I know the drill well.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (anxious to help)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I'll help you clean up Evan.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (insistent)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance, Sarah. Your our guest. Our guests are not made to clean. Come join us in the living room Evan will be done in no time.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah didn't know what came over, her but inspiration struck.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah looked down with the saddest of face.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (concerned)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I say something wrong?\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah doubled down on her look of rejection and dejection.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (letterhead up and looked at Liz with sad puppy dog eyes)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Earlier you told me that I was a member of the family. Now you tell me you only see me as a guest.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz's facial expression showed that she felt horrible about making Sarah feel like she was not part of family. As Sarah had earlier during the ugly Christmas sweater incident, Liz bumbled and stumbled with her words trying to backtrack. Bridget, Evan, and Joe all jumped in for the assist. In a flurry of apologetic words they were trying to explain to Sarah that Liz didn't mean anything by. In the midst of their attempts to repair the situation, Sarah looked up with a huge smile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha!\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 And indeed, Sarah had tricked them all. In loving fun, she had tricked them as they had tricked her earlier during the day.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Joe:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Well there's no question about it now, you are officially part of the family. That was well played! Liz couldn't have done it better herself. He reached out his hand and for the first time and Sarah's life, she high-fived a human being.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz walked over and gave Sarah a hug.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (smiling)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93That was impressive. I never saw that coming.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (chuckling)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I surprised myself.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Liz:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I have one more surprise for you, Sarah.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz grabbed Sarah by the shoulders and spun her around toward Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Liz:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Time to do dishes!\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>A few leftover rolls inspired more inspired another thought as she walked into the kitchen to help. In the unlikely-ist of occurrences, Sarah picked up her dinner at role and turned around to face Liz as she was about to go sit down in the living room.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (shouted)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Liz!\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Liz looked at Sarah, confused.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah }{\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (having fun)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Catch this!\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   Sarah said as she launched a dinner roll at Liz whose catlike reflexes caught it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (joking in a loving way)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 :}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Now, I feel like family.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah's unexpected throwing of food and playful banter, had everybody laughing in stitches. Liz, Joe, and Bridget went to the living room still talking about Sarah playful ending to the Christmas Eve feast.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah looked at Evan, partially proud of herself, partially horrified.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Sarah:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I can't believe I just through food. At your sister no less.\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan gave her a great big bear hug and a big kiss.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Evan}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (sincerely)}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 : }{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93And I've never been more proud of you!\u8221\'94}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0}