{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-373617\li538425\lin538425}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li40427\lin40427}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li80820\lin80820}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-21040\li30320\lin30320}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-21040\li60615\lin60615}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li45461\lin45461}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> A Web of Half-Truths<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Katie and Sarah's conversation is interrupted by Sarah's parents, who call after seeing a picture of the promise ring on her Facebook page. In her bedroom, Sarah downplays the significance of the gift and her feelings for Evan, assuring them that her schoolwork and philanthropy are her main priorities. Her casual reassurance conceals her conflicting emotions about Evan and the future of their relationship.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Valentine's evening had been full of loving words and passionate lovemaking. This scene took place the next evening where Sarah had returned to her doubtful self. She asked Katie to come over so they could talk about what the promise ring that Evan had given her on Valentine's Day meant.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Setting:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's Apartment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evening after Valentine's Day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>N/A<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Characters Present:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Katie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah's parents<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Character Emotional State:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah was concerned and anxious about what the promise ring from Evan meant. Her anxiety and feeling of guilt increased when her parents called about the promise ring based on Facebook, and Sarah downplayed her feelings for Evan and the significance of the promise ring. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Katie:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Katie was being a supportive and compassionate friend for Sarah. However, Katie wasn't sure how to guide Sarah due to Sarah's indecision about a future with Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah's parents:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's parents, in particulate her father, were quite concerned when they saw Sarah had posted a a picture on Facebook of the promise ring Evan had given her. They were worried she was not sticking to her master plan.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-360\sa120\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 1.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The scene starts with Katie and Sarah sitting on the couch in Sarah's apartment. Since we have already seen Sarah's apartment several times, we do not need any in-depth location setting, something simple as fine.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 2.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah is showing Katie her promise ring. It's nothing special or expensive, just a simple thin gold band. Although nothing special, take this opportunity to describe in detail what the promise ring looks like.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 3.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah is in the middle of replaying her Valentine's Day to Katie, when terror strikes. It was an incoming call from her father. On Valentine's Day, shortly after Evan had given her the promise ring, without considering the consequences from her, she posted a picture of her promise ring on Facebook. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 4.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 There was no question in Sarah's mind what this call was about. She had a similar call back when she posted that she was in a relationship. She expected this call would be much more intense and difficult than that. She had no idea what she was going to say.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 5.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah turned the phone to Katie so Katie could see it was her father calling and told her that she was going to go answer in her bedroom. In case the argument got heated, she didn't want Katie to have to be witness to it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 6.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Much like the call earlier in the year, Sarah made attempts to placate her father's concerns. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 7.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 As before, she reassured him that everything was on track \endash  which was true. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 8.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 She told him that she had received several scholarship offers from prestigious business schools, and in at least one Ivy League school had come forward, while others are likely to fall in suit \endash  which was true.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 9.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 She told him she had scheduled campus tours over the next few weeks to help her make a decision about college \endash  which was true.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 10.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 So far everything she was telling her parents was true. That was until her mother asked the same question she had asked earlier in the school year.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 11.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Her mom asked "What are your feelings for this boy?"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 12.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 After an uncomfortable silence, Sarah misled her parents into thinking that her and Evan aren't that serious. Without directly saying so, she implied that she and Evan had specifically talked about the end of the year and they were on the same page, which was not true. She and Evan did not discuss what the relationship would look like after graduation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 13.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah felt there was no way she could admit to her parents she had completely fallen in love with Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 14.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah felt sick to her stomach about misleading her parents, but she just didn't have answers for them. She felt she was honest about her conflicting feelings, her dad would apply pressure until she clearly stated her plan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 15.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 As before, her dad was not placated. He wasn't angry, but he was very concerned about where this was going. But again, what could he do. Not only was Sarah's academic pursuits verifiably on track, but Marcus Chamberlain had made a point to call Sarah's father himself and sing her praises about the philanthropic work she was doing helping him with his nonprofit. Marcus told Jack that he should be proud to have such an accomplished daughter. Jack had great respect for Marcus.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 16.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Jack challenge his daughter, Sarah, about what date she was going to commit to a college. She told him there is no hard deadline, but most colleges asked that she make a decision by mid April, which was two months away. Sarah considered that more evidence to convince her get parents that everything was fine. There's plenty of time, she told her father.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 17.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Jack let Sarah know that he was not buying everything she was selling, but it's her life and her choices. However, then he continued to say that when all is said and done, he expects her to make the right choice. Which in his mind, was clearly sticking to the plan they had agreed to before college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 18.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The call ended with a reminder of something it he told her many times. Do not allow short-term emotions to impact your long-term decisions \endash  be smart! He disconnected the call without saying goodbye.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The scene depicted the fluctuating nature of Sarah's feelings about her relationship with Evan. Just the day before, the reader had seen how much Sarah loved Evan on a romantic Valentine's Day evening. While at first, she was touched by his gift of a promise ring, when the passion and romance of Valentine's Day subsided, she became concerned about what the promise ring meant to Evan, and what it might mean to her future plans.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Promise ring.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}