{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Character Emotional State:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah: Sarah is concerned and anxious what this promise ring from Evan means. Her anxiety and feeling of guilt increase on her parents call about the promise ring based on Facebook, and Sarah downplays her feelings for Evan and the significance of the promise ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie: Katie is being a supportive and compassionate friend for Sarah. However, Katie isn't sure how to guide Sarah due to Sarah being on the fence about a future with Evan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li40427\fi-28053\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This scene depicted the yo-yo nature of Sarah's feelings about her relationship with Evan. Just yesterday, the reader saw how much Sarah loved Evan on a romantic Valentines day evening. While at first, she was touched by his gift of a promise ring, when the passion and romance of Valentine's Day subsided, she was concerned what the promise ring meant to Evan, and what it may mean to her future plans.}}