{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red21\green148\blue212;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Amidst the grand chandeliers and elegant finery of the Grand Ballroom at the Grandeur Hotel, the wealthy and sophisticated attendees were mingling, cocktails in hand. The glittering throng was abuzz with talk of charitable donations, and the anticipation of a night filled with generosity was palpable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Mere seconds into their journey, Evan's sharp eyes caught Marcus Chamberlain, Sarah's distinguished boss. Unable to resist his comic ways, he nudged her, saying,}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> "Hey Sarah, Morgan Freeman showed up!"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in horror. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shh, Evan, someone might hear you. Don't look his way. We need to warm you up a bit before I introduce you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The playful sparkle in Evan's eyes betrayed his nerves, and he grinned. "Too late. Morgan is on his way. Should I ask for his autograph?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's eyes narrowed, unamused by Evan's jokes. She immediately flashed a smile she'd been practicing since she attended her first fundraiser at 12 years old. Out of the corner of her mouth, she whispered, "Be professional."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus Chamberlain looked over at Sarah and Evan and began walking their way, his eyes fixed on the new face accompanying his trusted employee.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Marcus is coming over. I hope Evan does well,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah thought, her anxiety bubbling beneath her professional demeanor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus approached with a beaming smile, praising Sarah,}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> "Sarah, you've done a great job here. I'm very impressed!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "Thank you, Mr. Chamberlain-"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah began, only to be interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Please, not so formal. Call me Marcus," <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he said with a warm grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Thank you, Marcus, for trusting me with such a prestigious event. I am honored to be associated with your organization."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus's eyes drifted to Evan, his curiosity piqued. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Ah, a new face. Who have you brought with you today?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice held a note of pride. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"This is my boyfriend, Evan."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan and Marcus engaged in a firm, appropriate handshake, a mutual respect exchanged in the simple gesture. "}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Nice to meet you, Evan,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus said, his voice sincere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"A pleasure to meet you as well, Marcus," <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan replied, his excitement bubbling over into a charming grin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>So far, so good,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah thought, feeling good about how the conversation had started.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"So, you're Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boyfriend?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus inquired, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan smiled and said, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"My proudest accomplishment to date!"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His response caused Sarah concern, but Marcus chuckled, easing the tension. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Have you had a chance to look at the items up for auction?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's eyes brightened.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> "I took a quick peek on my way into the ballroom. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d give my right arm for those Bears tickets on the 50-yard line!"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's concern notched up to minor anxiety, and she glanced at Evan, trying to figure out how to silently remind him to stay focused on the nonprofit organization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus's eyes sparkled with amusement. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Are you a Bears fan?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's animated facial expression and exaggerated nod increased Sarah's concern and anxiety, but Marcus chuckled again. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a blind auction. I think bidding starts in a few minutes. Who knows, maybe you\u8217\'92ll have the winning bid."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unaware that Sarah was dying of anxiety inside, Evan continued his comic ways.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> "You see this suit? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nice, isn\u8217\'92t it?" <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he joked, tugging on the lapels of his suit jacket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus looked a bit confused but played along. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Quite nice, yes."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next words sent Sarah's heart racing. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I would love to bid on those tickets, but this suit represents the last dollar in my bank account."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Although meant to be humorous, It was also very true. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah wanted to disappear, but then something unexpected happened. Marcus cracked up at Evan's joke. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Sarah, I love this guy. He's hilarious!"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah remained paralyzed in her smile, unsure how to respond, her mind whirling. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Is this really happening?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I understand,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus continued, his voice filled with understanding. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I was young and always short on cash back in the day. But you know our organization does great work. Would you consider donating your time? We are always short on volunteers."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's sincere response notched down Sarah's anxiety. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I would love to help out! Sarah told me about the great work \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Home Is Where the Heart Is\u8217\'92 does."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's was thrilled that Evan remembered the name of the organization. Marcus was equally impressed. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I'm glad to hear that! Sarah can give you the details. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in charge of the project. Two weeks from today, we\u8217\'92ll be helping folks clean up what's left after a tornado hit a town not far from where Sarah lives. Do you think you can make it that Saturday?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's enthusiasm was infectious. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Count me in! I'm sure I can recruit a handful of friends to help volunteer as well."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah finally found her voice, her anxiety decreased, excitement replacing it. "}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Really? Who do you think will come?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's playful humor returned as he considered. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Patti is a lock! This is right up her alley, and wherever Patti goes, Roxanne goes. I'm sure I can get Guido to commit, and I think I could convince three or four more friends to help out."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's surprise was evident. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Guido? I wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d be interested in volunteering."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan looked at Marcus, half serious, half joking.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> "Will there be single adult females volunteering?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus saw where Evan was going and played along.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> "I'm sure there will be plenty."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "That's a great incentive. We'll add a six-pack of beer for a job well done, and Guido will be in!"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan declared, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah wanted to crawl under a rock, certain that talk of single females and 6-packs of beer were not appropriate things to say to Marcus. But as before, Marcus laughed even louder than he had before. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I can't wait to meet this Guido fella."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan comically rolled his eyes. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Believe me, you can wait."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Both men flowed in laughter, and Sarah's anxiety began to ease. Marcus then inquired about the auction, and with an unexpected generosity, offered the Bears tickets to Evan if he could recruit his friends to volunteer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's shock and gratitude were evident. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Are you sure?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he asked, his voice filled with disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I'm positive,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus assured him. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"A handful of young volunteers is worth much more than we'll get at auction for those tickets."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus turned to Sarah.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> "Can you pull the Bears tickets off the auction table?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's mind was a whirlwind, but she managed to stammer, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"I'll go get them right now."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Sarah hurried off to fulfill Marcus's request, Marcus and Evan continued to engage in lively conversation, forming an immediate bond over shared interests. Marcus's demeanor was relaxed and at ease, his laughter genuine and unrestrained. Evan's quirky, charming personality had won over Marcus, and Sarah's anxiety about introducing her boss to her boyfriend had been entirely unwarranted.}}