{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah leaned back on her sofa, her eyes half-closed as she let her mind wander to the recent date night with Evan. The sparkle of his green eyes, the quirk of his lips when he smiled, the way he'd listened so attentively as she'd shared her thoughts--everything about the night replayed in her head like a cherished film reel.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Maybe this could be something good.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The shrill ringtone of her phone cut through her reverie like a serrated knife. Her eyes darted to the screen, and the name that flashed across it--Dad--made her heart sink.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Well, there it is. It was only a matter of time.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Hello?" Her voice held a steady facade, though her pulse quickened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sarah," her father's tone was grave, causing her to sit up straight on the couch, her muscles tensing. "We need to talk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath, she braced herself for the conversation that was about to unfold. With her mother's muted presence in the background, she knew this was a serious matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Of course, Dad," she responded, her voice tinged with apprehension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His questions came swiftly, like arrows aimed at her newfound relationship with Evan. She explained her perspective meticulously, her words carefully chosen to ease his concerns. She talked about the discussions she and Evan had, emphasizing their shared commitment to ensuring her academic and philanthropic efforts remained undeterred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "But, Dad, I want you to understand that this doesn't change my focus. My work as a volunteer coordinator and my academic standing are still my priorities," she insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There was a brief pause on the other end of the line, her father's contemplative silence filling the void. Then his voice returned, laden with skepticism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sara, I appreciate your reassurances, but this is a significant step. How can you be so sure that your relationship won't distract you from your goals?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's grip on the phone tightened. She understood his concern, and yet she felt a surge of frustration. "Dad, I've thought about this. Evan and I have discussed it. We both know what we want, and we've agreed that if anything threatens our priorities, we'll reevaluate."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There was a hint of exasperation in her father's tone. "A week, Sarah. It's only been a week. How well can you really know someone in that short time?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "It's not about knowing everything, Dad," Sarah replied, her voice firm. "It's about being open to new experiences and giving myself a chance to explore something different."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her mother's voice gently interjected. "Sarah, your father is just concerned. We both want what's best for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah appreciated her mother's perspective, her anxiety ebbing slightly. "I know, Mom. And I promise, I won't let this relationship compromise my goals."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her father's sigh was audible over the line. "Alright, Sarah. I just want you to be careful. You have a bright future ahead of you, and I don't want to see anything jeopardize that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The phone call ended with the customary exchange of goodbyes. There were no utterances of love or warmth, but Sarah felt that, for a Wilkins family conversation, it had gone as well as it could. Still, as she disconnected the call, Sarah knew that her father's concerns had not been allayed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He's worried. I get it. But I've got this under control. At least, I think I do.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah pondered the unease in her father's voice, the slight tempering of concern in his final words. His doubts mirrored the tiny whispers of apprehension that had been gnawing at her. She shook her head, dispelling the thoughts.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}