{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The gentle hum of Sarah's thoughts was abruptly disrupted by the shrill ring of her cell phone, shattering the daydream that had enveloped her. Blinking, she stared at the caller ID, her heart rate quickening as her father's name illuminated the screen. She swallowed, her mind racing to decipher the purpose of his call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It had been a little over a week since she had updated her Facebook status to indicate her newfound relationship with Evan. She had anticipated that her parents would eventually find out, but she hadn't expected her father's swift reaction upon his return from his overseas business trip. With a sigh, she accepted the call, her fingers tapping on the screen with a mix of trepidation and curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Hello?" she answered, her voice steady despite the whirlwind of emotions swirling within her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sarah," her father's tone was serious, carrying a weight that made her nerves tighten further. "We need to talk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Swallowing the lump in her throat, Sarah settled onto the edge of her couch, bracing herself for the conversation that was about to unfold. She sensed her mother's presence in the background, a silent but supportive presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sure, Dad," she replied, her voice tinged with a hint of apprehension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her father's questions came swiftly, probing into the nature of her relationship with Evan. Sarah's explanations were carefully measured, her words chosen to reassure her father's concerns. She explained how she and Evan had already discussed their priorities, ensuring him that her volunteer work and academic endeavors remained her top focus. She spoke of their agreement that if the relationship ever impeded her goals, it would be swiftly ended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The conversation shifted, her mother's voice interjecting with inquiries about the depth of Sarah's feelings for Evan. Sarah's response was honest, explaining that it had only been a week and she was taking things one step at a time. She acknowledged that she was enjoying herself and trying to expand her boundaries during her final year of college.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her father's concerns seemed to slightly lessen as she mentioned her plans for her future. The prospect of her obtaining a Master's degree at an Ivy League school and maintaining her class standing brought a trace of relief to his voice. But beneath that relief, Sarah sensed his lingering doubts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the conversation wound down, Sarah felt a mixture of emotions \endash  relief that the call hadn't escalated into a heated argument, but also an undercurrent of unease. Her father's concerns were palpable, his love for her mingled with his desire for her to follow a clear and successful path. Though their conversation remained respectful and cordial, the distance that defined their relationship seemed to widen as the call concluded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Hanging up the phone, Sarah exhaled a breath she hadn't realized she was holding. Her father's concerns were not entirely assuaged, and she knew this was just the beginning. As she gazed at her phone, her mind swirled with thoughts of Evan, uncertainty, and the undeniable feeling that her carefully constructed world was beginning to shift.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}