{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah leaned back on her sofa, her eyes half-closed as she let her mind wander to the recent date night with Evan. The sparkle of his green eyes, the quirk of his lips when he smiled, the way he'd listened so attentively as she'd shared her thoughts--everything about the night replayed in her head like a cherished film reel. *Maybe this could be something good.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The shrill ringtone of her phone cut through her reverie like a serrated knife. Her eyes darted to the screen, and the name that flashed across it--Dad--made her heart sink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *Well, there it is. It was only a matter of time.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 With a sigh, she answered the call, her voice shaky but polite. "Hi, Dad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Sarah, how are you?" Jack's voice came through, formal and tinged with an undercurrent of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I'm fine, Dad. How was your trip?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Business as usual, but that's not why I'm calling. I saw on Facebook that you're in a relationship with someone named Evan. Is that true?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *Ah, yes, the Facebook status. Should've known Mom would bring it up as soon as he got home.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Yes, Dad. Evan and I have been seeing each other for about a week."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "A week? And you've already changed your relationship status on social media? I hope this isn't distracting you from your responsibilities."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah clenched her fists. "Dad, my work as a volunteer event coordinator and my academics are unaffected. Evan knows that if any of those become compromised, this relationship won't work."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Mildred's softer voice joined the call. "So, what are your feelings for this Evan?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "It's too early to say, Mom. I'm just enjoying myself for now. You know, expanding my boundaries a bit in my last year of college."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Jack's voice took on a marginally lighter tone. "And you're still planning to continue your studies at an Ivy League school for your Master's degree?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Yes, Dad, that hasn't changed. Evan and I talked about priorities on our first date. We're in complete agreement."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 There was a brief pause, and Sarah could almost hear the gears turning in her father's mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Well, if you say so," Jack finally responded. "I trust you've thought this through. Just be cautious."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Always am, Dad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The phone call ended with the customary exchange of goodbyes. There were no utterances of love or warmth, but Sarah felt that, for a Wilkins family conversation, it had gone as well as it could. Still, as she disconnected the call, Sarah knew that her father's concerns had not been allayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *He's worried. I get it. But I've got this under control. At least, I think I do.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah pondered the unease in her father's voice, the slight tempering of concern in his final words. His doubts mirrored the tiny whispers of apprehension that had been gnawing at her. She shook her head, dispelling the thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *This is my senior year, and I want to experience things, good or bad. Let's see where this leads.*<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}