{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green190\blue190;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The partly sunny sky was a patchwork quilt of fluffy clouds and patches of pale blue, casting a cool, crisp feeling over the large recreational area in central Illinois. The gentle breeze ruffled the leaves of the trees, still stubbornly green as if resisting the impending change of seasons. A typical early fall morning found life in the well-maintained softball fields, grassy areas, and a parking lot adjacent to the fields. Families and friends were arriving for Sunday games, and the air was filled with the chatter of young love and friendly competition.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stood in the parking lot, dressed in his softball uniform, spiked cleats tapping impatiently on the pavement. His eyes were alight with anticipation, scanning the horizon for Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white Audi sedan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His heartbeat quickened as Sarah's white Audi sedan glided into the lot. Her appearance was transformed; she looked just like any other college girl. Dressed in a light blue knit hat, matching scarf, and five\endash finger mittens, she looked youthful and vibrant. An orange and blue University of Illinois sweatshirt adorned her torso, leading down to a casual, comfortable pair of jeans and everyday, affordable ankle-high black zippered boots.  A striking contrast to the designer clothes she usually wore, this newfound casualness was the result of a second shopping spree with her friend Katie in preparation of fun times ahead as Evan's girlfriend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan ran to her car, his face glowing with a smile that reached his eyes. As she stepped out, they exchanged a passionate kiss, an unspoken expression of excitement and affection before a word was said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I've got something for you!\u8221\'94 Evan exclaimed, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do?\u8221\'94 Sarah responded, her voice tinged with excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan retrieved the vintage doll from his car and handed it to Sarah. The typically stoic Sarah was transformed, giddy like a schoolgirl upon receiving her gift from Evan. Tears even welled in her eyes as she examined the lovely little face of the Heinrich Handwerck doll. Its blue sleep eyes seemed to twinkle, and the carefully applied thin lashes gave it an endearing look. Light brown synthetic hair curled around its forehead, and it was dressed in an antique-style dress and matching bonnet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You remembered to bring the doll! Thank you so much! Look how beautiful her eyes are!" she said. The pendant tucked under her sweatshirt resonating with the sentiment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you ready to meet my friends?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, breaking the intimate moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'm nervous but as ready as I'll ever be,\u8221\'94 Sarah admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After a reassuring hug and words from Evan, Sarah carefully placed the vintage doll in her car and then reached in to pull out a book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Evan, do you mind if I read a book during your game?" she asked, her eyes twinkling with mischief.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I don\u8217\'92t mind. Our games can last as long as two hours. I get it, study first, play second. Feel free to bring whatever textbooks you need. \u8221\'94 Evan replied warmly. \u8220\'93I'm just glad you're here. That's enough for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His understanding words made Sarah giggle, and she feigned seriousness, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good to know; maybe I\u8217\'92ll need to bring some study materials one day. But this is not a schoolbook.\u8221\'94 She smiled widely and showed Evan the title of the book. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Softball for Dummies<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their laughter rang through the air, a melody of joy and shared humor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are so adorable!\u8221\'94 Evan declared, making Sarah's heart flutter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The game is about to start. Let\u8217\'92s go,\u8221\'94 Evan urged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's eyes flickered with nervousness, her body tense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I need a kiss for encouragement,\u8221\'94 she said softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's lips met hers in a tender, uplifting kiss, infusing her with the courage she needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Hand-in-hand, they headed toward the bleachers, where Evan would introduce Sarah to his inner circle group of friends, their hearts buoyed by young love and the sweetness of a new relationship.}}