{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan Impresses<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah readies Evan for her fundraising event, noticing his nervousness but amazed at how effortlessly he fits into her high-class, charitable sphere. Though clearly an outsider, he wins the crowd's favor. Witnessing Evan flourish in her world eradicates her last shred of hesitation, letting her fully commit her heart to him.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Leading Context:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 In the previous scene, Sarah was surprised to see that Evan fit in well at the upscale fundraiser. So well, the founder of the nonprofit organization, Marcus Chamberlain, told Sarah to pull the Chicago Bears football tickets off the auction table because he would give them to Evan to recruit a handful of his friends to volunteer at an upcoming project.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 This scene picks up when Sarah is headed to the auction table to grab the tickets before the auction starts.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The Grandeur Hotel<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Luxury Room at The Grandeur Hotel:<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The luxury suite at the Grandeur Hotel was the epitome of elegance and opulence. As the door swung open, the first thing that captured the attention was the breathtaking view of the city skyline, framed perfectly by floor-to-ceiling windows draped in sumptuous silk curtains. The room was bathed in a gentle golden glow from the crystal chandeliers that hung delicately from the high ceilings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Rich mahogany furniture adorned the space, from the king-sized bed with its plush pillows and satin comforter to the sophisticated writing desk nestled near the window. Every piece was intricately carved and polished to a shine, reflecting the meticulous attention to detail that defined the room's aesthetics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 To one side of the suite lay a living area, furnished with plush velvet sofas and a glass coffee table holding the latest magazines and art books. Abstract paintings adorned the walls, adding a contemporary flair to the otherwise classic ambiance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 A grand mirror hung above a polished marble fireplace, its crackling flames casting a cozy warmth throughout the space. Adjacent to the fireplace, a mini-bar was stocked with a selection of fine wines and spirits, glinting invitingly under the soft lighting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The en-suite bathroom was a masterpiece in itself, boasting a large Jacuzzi tub surrounded by veined marble, a walk-in rain shower, and ornate gold fixtures. Fluffy white towels and high-end toiletries were laid out with precision, ready for use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Elegance and comfort were woven into every aspect of the suite, from the plush carpeting underfoot to the soft music playing subtly in the background. Everything was carefully curated to provide a haven of luxury, a place where guests could truly feel pampered and special. Whether one was in town for business or leisure, this room at the Grandeur Hotel promised a stay filled with indulgence and sophistication.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evening<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>N/A<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan and Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Jenni, Marcus, Man who hands Evan a Card, Fundraiser attendees.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep POV (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah grabbed the Bears tickets from the auction room table. She thought, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Mr. Chamberlain said these were valuable and put them somewhere safe."<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Since Evan seemed to be doing well on his own, she decided to run up to her room and put them in her hotel room safe. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ She headed up to her hotel room. ]<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 [ Place a vivid description of the luxury room using the information provided in this template. ]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Ps::4>[ Describe Sarah opening the safe and putting the tickets in. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah had considered booking her and Evan in the same room but didn't feel ready yet. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Through narrative and internal dialogue, express Sarah's thoughts as she wondered if Evan would be upset that they would sleep in separate rooms. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah headed back down to the bar, where bartender Jenni poured Sarah her favorite wine without needing to be asked.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Jenni commented on how well Evan was adjusting to this new environment. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Your boy is doing pretty well out there."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  Sarah expressed her surprise at how quickly Evan bonded with Marcus Chamberlain. She told Jenni, at first, she was horrified that Evan wasn't talking to such a distinguished man more eminently. But next thing she knew, they were talking about football and quarterbacks and acting like they had been buddies for years. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Boys will be boys." <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ The square dancing comment is meant to produce a humorous visual for the reader. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah watched as Marcus introduced Evan around the room. Not just to male sports fans but all attendees of the fundraiser. Evan was going from group to group and couple to couple, shaking hands so often that it looked like he was at a square dancing competition.  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan was thriving. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 [ Sarah mumbled to herself. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"I just don't get it!" <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Never mind, I was talking to myself."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Jenni sensed that while Sarah wanted to share more, Sarah had a strict rule to never discuss the details of her personal life with those that she worked with. Her father had always told Sarah to treat the people you work with well but never become their friend \endash  it's not good business. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Jenni told Sarah that she was aware that Sarah liked to keep her business life and professional life separate, but since bartenders are notoriously good listeners, Sarah should feel free to share her personal feelings. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah Opened up. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah explained that in the month she and Evan had been dating, she'd been to several softball games and a couple of small parties with Evan's friends, which always felt awkward. To Sarah, it was almost like they were speaking another language. Sarah said they play drinking games at the parties and gossip about who's sleeping with who and who did what to whom. She knew she would never form close bonds with Evan's friends.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She told Jenni she didn't understand how Evan could walk up to the most important man in the room, and instead of speaking to him in the professional manner that everyone spoke to him, Evan talked to Marcus like he was a college buddy and next thing you know Marcus offered Evan NFL football tickets. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Jenni suggested to Sarah maybe that was the point. Marcus was probably tired of everybody treating him with kid gloves. Marcus probably found Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s approach to him refreshing. Jenni then pointed to Evan as he mingled amongst many different people. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I think they all do.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8220\'93All do,\u8221\'94 meaning they all find Evan's approach refreshing. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 [ Sarah was quiet for a second \endash  deep in thought. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don't think I can hold back anymore. I'm not sure I want to.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"What do you mean?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Evan's been all in since the day we met. But I still struggle with the fact that we live in such different worlds. I'll never fit into his, and while he's doing well tonight, in the long run, I don't think this is the world that suits him best. \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I'm not quite following your thinking.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah:  <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I think of falling in love. And even since  this relationship can only last until the end of the school year, what is the point of fighting it anymore? What am I afraid of? I think Evan has melted my protective ice castle to the ground. Do you know how I am feeling about it right now, watching how easily he blends in, watching the smile on his face and others\u8217\'92 faces as he thrives in this unchartered territory for him?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Jenni tried to guess. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Impressed, inspired, dazzled?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah laughed. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, all those things! But more than anything, it turns me on.\u8220\'93<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Surprised by Sarah's Revealing comment but finding it funny, Jenni laughed. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Jenni: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Are you gonna do something about that?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6> <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"I wish."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah looked at her watch. ] <!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"Dinner starts at about 10 minutes."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[Jenni noticed that Sarah was in deep thought. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 J<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>enni:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6> <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"What are you thinking about?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ This is meant as a humorous line to end the middle portion of this scene. Sarah was thinking about the last thing she heard Marcus and Evan discussing and wondered out loud. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6> <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"What is a quarterback?"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Although Sarah didn't mean it as a joke, the thought that this brilliant woman didn\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92t even know what a quarterback was, caused Jenni to break out laughing. In a fun way, not in a judgmental way. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>End: <!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan noticed Sarah at the bar. He made a final handshake with the couple he was speaking to. The man gave Evan a business card before Evan headed over to see Sarah. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ He showed Sarah the business card. Evan was excited.  ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"This guy owns a big tech company in Chicago. He told me to give him a call after I graduate!" <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ While usually, Sarah would see this as big news, she had other things on her mind. She insisted Evan follow her. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 [ Confused, Evan asked her where they were going, ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 [ It is meant to produce a humorous visual to the reader as Sarah yanked the unexpected Evan to take him to the storage room they were before. In a previous scene, Evan had jokingly asked if that was the "make-out room." At that time, Sarah was paranoid and did not consider it a make-out room. But now feeling turned on by the events of the evening, she called it the make-out room. Hopefully this will give the reader a light and funny feeling as they head to the storage/make-out room. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 [ Sarah grabbed Evan's hand authoritatively and yanked Evan causing him to lose balance slightly. She answered his question. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>"The make-out room."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan didn't say anything, but his expression showed excitement that apparently Sarah had overcome her paranoia about kissing in the storage room. ]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 [ This next dialogue line is meant to be light and fun. When they get into the storage room, Sarah shuts the door and pushes Evan up against the door.] <!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f6\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> "We only got five minutes, let's make it count!"<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah leaned in and kissed Evan with great intensity and passion. To complete this scene, Provide a vivid description of the kiss. The scene should end on a note of passion. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::8>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 This scene hits on many points:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::8>Sarah's excepts she and Evan live in different worlds, and in the long run, that could never work.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Sarah decided regardless of what the future holds, for now and until the end of the school year she's she's almost ready to go all in, as Evan already has.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 She was beginning to finally admit that she was falling in love with Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The underlying subtext for the story, is that the reader should see that regardless of her feelings for Evan, Sarah is still seeing this as a senior year of fun, with no future beyond. Perceiving the relationship as short-term is the only way she could fully let go and embrace a relationship with Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Bears tickets}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Glass of wine}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Storage room<!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Normally, when I provide you with dialogue I instruct the dialogue is to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you to write a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever Possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::8>}}