{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah Contemplates Her Future<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 3: End of the Scene}
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 1.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan interrupted Sarah's thought process when he came into the room with the great big smile on his face. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 2.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 He walked beside her, held out his hands for her to grab, and he pulled her to a stand-up position. He said thank you, and proceeded to give her an overwhelming thank you kiss.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 3.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah inquired what was he thanking her for. He told her he got the job! Thanked her for putting him in a position to meet the right people that helped him get a great job offer just outside Chicago city limits.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 4.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 He told Sarah that he can't wait to tell Liz. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 5.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah sincerely congratulated him and refused to accept any of the credit. She knew it was Evan who got the job for himself, at best she was just the conduit in the process.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 6.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan said I've got a big surprise for you.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 7.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah inquired, surprise?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 8.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan says wait here, I'll be right back. He gave her another kiss and then rushed out the door.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 9.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah sat back down and thought to herself, that was confirmation that the time was now to move forward with her decision. Not this moment, she was going to enjoy along with Evan one more night of college life, before she tells Evan that she has decided to attend college on the East Coast. If there was any doubt, Evan getting a job in Chicago removed any doubt. She didn't know how she was going to talk about it. The one thing she knew, is that they needed to make a clean-cut. She knew if she and Evan tried to stay together while she was in college, she would dropp out within a month and run back to him.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}