{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red217\green149\blue148;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Number:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> 0212<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Expecting a date night at Sarah's apartment, Evan learns that academics come first for Sarah. As part of their agreement, Sarah tutors Evan on methods to improve his grades. Only after the tutor session can their date begin.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah's apartment<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>7 PM on Friday<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Raining hard, but thunder is still in the distance. It will be the next scene where a thunderstorm hits hard.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan, Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>None<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Happy, hopeful, excited<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Happy, optimistic, excited<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah opens the door to see Evan shaking the water from his umbrella. He left it outside by Sarah's apartment door so he would get Sarah's floors wet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 A giant smile, a warm hug, and a soft sensual kiss awaited Evan. After the kiss, he walked in and closed the door behind him. He spoke softly, telling her how much he missed her. Four days felt like four weeks. She echoed the sentiment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 They kissed some more, and sensual kisses quickly became passionate kisses. Sarah pulled back and smiled, waving her finger from left to right, saying something like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, uh, uh. Study first, kissing last.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan was confused until Sarah revealed the secret she had been holding from him. The date was going to start with a tutoring session. One that she intended to repeat weekly for the school year to help Evan improve his GPA with less effort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Like a cute but reluctant Child Not Getting His Way, Evan eventually agreed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah told Evan she would give him a tour after the study session, and she waved the pizza menus in front of him, explaining that he would be rewarded with pizza once he's completed their lesson.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Middle: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>They sit down to study. Sarah directs Evan to read a few pages that she's prepared for him while she gets some drinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 For her, it's wine. Beer had never graced the shelves of Sarah's apartment before, but she wanted to give Evan what he liked and paid attention to the beer he ordered at the sports bar. She had a six-pack of his favorite beer chilled in the refrigerator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 She bought the wine, and, much to Evan's delight, she brought him a beer \endash  his favorite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The studying takes a course over an hour\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time. Not much of note happens while studying. Provide a paragraph or more narrative to give the reader an idea of Evan's study session. I don't anticipate much dialogue during this time.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 End: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>When the study session ends, Sarah compliments Evan on his hard work. Evan admits he enjoyed it a lot more than he thought he would. He comments on how a sister would be so proud that the first hour of his date with the new girlfriend was a study session. He tells Sarah that his sister Liz will love her (Sarah).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 They have a short-lived sensual kissing session, which Sarah pulls away from so they can order dinner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan picks from the pizza menus, and Sarah places the order.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 This is primarily a transition scene to the final scene, where Evan and Sarah get hot and heavy in a make-out session, but Evan will pull back, not wanting to rush the intimacy in their relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 This also shows that Sarah is committed to fulfilling her part of the relationship agreement, which includes helping Evan get his GPA up to a level that would satisfy his sister.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Pizzeria menus}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan's favorite beer}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah's favorite wine}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The dining room table and study material}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Umbrella, soaked from the rain outside<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Key Lines:<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"My sister is going to love you!"<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>"Uh uh uh, Study first, kissing last."<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>Tone:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Fun, Anticipatory<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In the next scene, the thunderstorm causes electricity to go out, leading to an important scene. Be sure to mention the rain in this scene, conveying to the reader that the rain is gradually getting worse. This will lead to a worsening storm in the next scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}