{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Scene Name: 0200 Evan Gives Sarah the Vintage Doll}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Partly sunny skies hung over the recreational area, casting a dappled light across the various softball fields, playgrounds, and grassy regions of the park. The early fall morning was crisp and cool, rendering the trees at the park's edge in shades of red and gold. Families and friends were beginning to arrive for Sunday games, and the air was filled with the chatter of young love and friendly competition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Among the players was Evan, wearing his softball uniform and spiked cleats, anxious energy emanating from him as he awaited his new girlfriend, Sarah. His eyes lit up when her white Audi sedan pulled up, looking somehow both natural and new in this casual setting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah stepped out of her car, her outfit a blend of university pride and easy comfort. She was wearing a light blue knit hat, a matching scarf, and five-finger mittens. Her orange and blue University of Illinois sweatshirt paired perfectly with her casual jeans and affordable ankle-high black zippered boots. A striking contrast to the designer gowns she usually wore, this newfound casualness was the result of a shopping spree with her friend Katie the day before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's eyes widened appreciatively, but words were lost between them as they shared a passionate kiss, their greeting filled with the fervor of young love.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I've got something for you!" Evan exclaimed, his excitement bubbling over.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You do?" Sarah's voice trembled, her eyes wide with anticipation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's hand reached into his car and produced the vintage doll, adorned with tiny glasses now turned into a pendant. Sarah's stoic composure broke into a giddy smile, tears shimmering in her eyes. *This was the pendant I'm wearing today*, she thought, a wave of sentimentality washing over her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Are you ready to meet my friends?" Evan asked, bringing her back to reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm nervous but as ready as I'll ever be," she admitted, her voice tinged with uncertainty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's arms wrapped around her reassuringly. "Don't worry," he said, his smile warm and comforting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A moment later, Sarah opened her car door and grabbed a book, an impish grin on her face. "Evan, do you mind if I read a book during your game?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's smile turned supportive. "Of course, I don't mind. Our games can last as long as two hours, and I fully support and understand that your academics are your number one priority. So yes, schoolbook and study material you need for any game."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's laugh filled the air. "That's good to know; maybe I'll need to bring some study materials one day. But this book is not about academics.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She smiled widely and showed Evan the front of the book. It was titled *Softball for Dummies*.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A hearty laugh erupted from both of them, their connection deepening in the shared humor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don't know anything about sports. If I'm going to come to games, I want to understand them as best as I can,\u8221\'94 she confessed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are so adorable!\u8221\'94 Evan's words were genuine, and something stirred within Sarah. She'd never been called adorable before, and the word sent endorphins flowing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "The game is about to start. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s go," Evan said, pulling her back to the present.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's nervousness showed in her eyes, and her body language became hesitant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I need a kiss," she said softly, her voice filled with vulnerability.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's lips met hers once more, a gentle and encouraging kiss that melted away her worries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They headed toward the bleachers, the future waiting to unfold, love and friendship blossoming in the cool air of central Illinois.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 *Author's Style: Sweet and sentimental with elements of humor, this scene paints a vivid picture of young love. The use of detailed descriptions and expressive dialogue lends emotional depth, while the humorous twist adds levity, capturing the essence of a blossoming relationship.*}}