{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red72\green33\blue219;\red139\green104\blue33;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Write a compelling Beginning of the scene, using the information from the most recent scene template I provided. Please let me know if I need to resubmit the template.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scene:}{\f3\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Patti Confronts Evan about Sarah<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Beginning:<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li1440\fi-691\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6><$Scr_Ps::5>Narrative: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan was enjoying his brief, gentle kissing session with Sarah when he heard and irritating voice from a distance.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf4 [ When writing this scene, remember that Guido is often a comic relief in the novel. So when I say Evan is irritated when he hears Guido, it\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s not because he\u8217\'92s mad.  ]<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li1440\fi-691\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::8>Guido}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10  <!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[ shouting from a distance in his street-wise tone ]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yo Evan. Come on, let\u8217\'92s go. We have a fridge full of beer at home calling our names.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Narrative:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  Evan pulls back from his kiss with Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> [ with a chuckle and a smile ]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 :}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Guido is beckoning you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan laughed and rolled his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose it\u8217\'92s time to break the bad news.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll leave you to it. Thank you again for sacrificing your softball game to help us out.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy to do it.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::9><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[ Evan can hear Guido calling for him in the background. ]<!$Scr_Cs::0><!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li1440\fi-691\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Evan <!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[ continued ]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meet you in your office in about an hour?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Narrative<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 : Sarah agreed, gave Evan a quick kiss goodbye, and headed to the onsite mobile office.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Evan<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> [ Annoyed at Guido\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s repeated shouting ]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::9>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m coming, I\u8217\'92m coming.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Narrative: <!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 Evan heads toward an impatient group of friends waiting for him halfway between the mobile office and the designated parking area. As he gets closer, he notices Patti looking stressed.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li1440\fi-691\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6><$Scr_Ps::5>Narrative:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8> <!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0 When Evan arrived to his group of friends, he broke the bad news.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, guys. I'm gonna stay and work another hour or two and then head back with Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Narrative:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  With the exception of Patti, the group of friends let out a collective moan and groan.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Guido:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  "Come on, guys. Let's leave Captain America alone to save the world."}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Cs::6>Narrative:<!$Scr_Cs::6>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  Everyone but Roxanne and Patti turned around and headed to their cars. Roxanne whispered something in Patti's here and then returned with the others.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>Patti:<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93May I speak to you for a moment? Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::5>}}