{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The family's enduring tradition of opening one Christmas Eve gift each had been lovingly upheld.\~A mix of paper and ribbons, remnants of the unwrapping frenzy, lay scattered on the floor, testifying to the moments of joy and surprise.\~Sarah's gaze found Evan's across the room.\~Though they both were wrapped up in the holiday spirit, an undercurrent of anticipation ran through her.\~She had admonished herself earlier for breaking a promise and sneaking in some work.\~Evan hadn't been mad--just a soft-spoken request to not make a habit of it.\~Yet Sarah felt she had something more to give, a redeeming gesture that would say more than any words could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan's mom, Bridget, stifled a yawn, setting her coffee mug on a coaster.\~"I hate to be a party pooper, but would anyone mind if I head back to my hotel?\~The time difference has caught up with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz stretched and hugged her mother.\~"Just be back before eight a.m. That's when we'll be up to open the rest of the gifts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan unlocked the front door, and a rush of frigid Chicago air swirled in.\~"Any signs of snow, Liz?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz squinted at the starlit sky, her breath clouding in front of her.\~"Unfortunately not. I was really hoping for a white Christmas this year."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I heard there's a slight chance of snow tomorrow," Joe offered, scratching his beard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz shook her head. "They always say that.\~We haven't had a white Christmas in three years."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The door closed, keeping the icy wind at bay.\~"I think Sarah and I are going to head to bed.\~We've got a big day tomorrow."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The weight of her earlier transgression--sneaking in some work despite her promise--still lingered, but she'd come up with a solution.\~A gift of sorts. A peace offering and a pledge all in one.\~"I know you already opened your Christmas Eve present, Evan.\~Would it be a severe violation of tradition if I were to give you a second present this evening?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan turned to Liz, the household\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arbiter of all things traditional.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz looked at Sarah, something passing between them.\~A silent understanding. "No, there are no such rigid restrictions in our traditions."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Wonderful!" Joe interjected,\~grinning.\~"Does that mean I can skip watching that movie for the hundredth time\~tomorrow?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz chuckled. "Except for that tradition,\~dear."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Awesome! Thank you so much. I'll be right back," Sarah announced, dashing out of the\~room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Did Sarah just use the word }{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 awesome}{\f0\fs26\b0 ?" Evan's eyebrows shot\~up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe and Liz burst into laughter, sharing a knowing look as Sarah disappeared down the\~hallway.\~When she returned, her laptop and phone were cradled in her\~arms.\~She handed them to\~Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan blinked, at a loss. "Sarah, you don't have to do\~that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz held the devices, her eyes\~meeting\~Sarah's.\~"Your gesture is\~enough."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Eyes locking with Evan's, she felt as if the room's air had been siphoned away, leaving only the electric charge between\~them.\~"I know I don't have to. That's why I want\~to."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 With a nod, Evan signaled to Liz, giving her the\~go-ahead.\~As Liz began to turn away, Sarah darted over, leaning in to whisper something into her\~ear.\~Whatever she said brought a burst of giggles from both of\~them.\~Liz whispered back, her words adding a conspiratorial sparkle to their\~eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 When Sarah returned to Evan's side, he looked utterly\~befuddled.\~"What was that all about?" he\~asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Giggling, she threw her arms around his neck, her heart feeling as though it had expanded, packed to the brim with love and an emotion she had yet to\~name.\~"I'll never\~tell."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Their lips met, and as they kissed, Sarah felt more present than she had in years, right here in this small living room in\~Glenview, Illinois.\~With no need for her phone or laptop, she'd given Evan the only thing that truly mattered: her undivided\~attention.\~And in that moment, that felt like the greatest gift of\~all.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}