{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti sat on the worn-out couch in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s living room, casually observing Guido as he paced back and forth between his room and the kitchen. His voice carried through the apartment, the notes of desperation barely hidden as he called every woman in his little black book, hoping for a night of fun. The mismatched furniture and the cluttered shelves filled with textbooks and memorabilia hinted at the lives of two college-aged bachelors.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>How can two such different people be best friends? <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti wondered, her eyes tracing Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s erratic path. Evan was sincere and genuine, while Guido was... well, Guido. She\u8217\'92d asked Evan once, and he\u8217\'92d just smiled, brushing the question off with a comment about shared history. But as she watched Guido, the incomprehensibility of their friendship gnawed at her again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Ironically, Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts mirrored the very dynamic of her own relationship with her roommate and best friend Roxanne, who was her opposite in nearly every way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts were interrupted by a sudden exclamation from Evan\u8217\'92s room. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Patti! Can you come here a minute?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he called out, his voice tinged with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido shot her a knowing grin as she rose from the couch, leaving him to his desperate dialing. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Good luck with that,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he teased, his eyes twinkling with mischief.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Patti asked, stepping into Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bedroom, a room that held both fond and conflicted memories for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was flushed, and his brows were furrowed in concentration as he wrestled with his tie.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t get this thing right, and I don\u8217\'92t want to be late,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he admitted, a hint of embarrassment in his eyes. His nervousness about the night ahead was palpable, yet to him, this moment with Patti was just another friendly interaction, not laden with the weight it held for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her heart ached as she approached him, a forced smile on her face. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Here, let me help you.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her hands took over the task, expertly tying the knot as her mind wandered back to their blurred-line friendship and the complex emotions it now stirred within her.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stared at his reflection in frustration. The tie simply refused to cooperate. His fingers fumbled as he tried to twist it into place again, but it kept coming out wrong. The evening with Sarah loomed large, a night filled with promise, and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even get dressed properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A soft knock at the door brought a welcome distraction. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Come in!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he called out, still wrestling with the tie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti entered, her smile not quite reaching her eyes. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s struggle was evident, and she came forward, ready to help.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Need some help there?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she asked, her voice cheerful but a touch strained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed, releasing the tie and stepping back.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t seem to get this right. I feel like a teenager on prom night.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti reached out, her fingers deftly taking over the task. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not a teenager, and this isn\u8217\'92t prom night.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>This is so much more<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , she thought, her heart aching with unspoken words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her hands worked on the tie, but her mind was elsewhere. In this very bedroom, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been intimate countless times, their \u8220\'93friends with benefits\u8221\'94 relationship spanning several months. Now, she was helping him get ready for a date with another woman, in the very place where they\u8217\'92d shared so much together. The irony was almost too much to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan chatted happily, oblivious to Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inner turmoil. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah\u8217\'92s so excited about this event. I just hope I don\u8217\'92t embarrass her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Patti assured him, her voice steady despite the storm inside her. Just keep smiling. Keep being the friend he needs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her fingers finished the knot, and she stepped back, admiring her work.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93There, perfect.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan beamed, his nervousness replaced by excitement.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, Patti! You\u8217\'92re a lifesaver.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He hugged her tightly, gratitude in his eyes. Patti returned the hug, her face buried in his shoulder. This is how it should be. This is how it has to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They parted, and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with anticipation. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I think tonight\u8217\'92s going to be special.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti smiled, her inner struggle hidden behind a mask of support.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know it will be.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As she spoke, her eyes watered, and a single tear dropped from each eye. Evan noticed and his face transformed from excitement to concern.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he asked, his voice filled with worry.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Patti choked out, the lie tasting bitter in her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan pulled her into a warm hug, a gesture that brought both comfort and torture. For the first time, something in his eyes suggested that he was starting to understand. He pulled back, his gaze searching her face.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Are you okay with my relationship with Sarah?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he asked, a hint of uncertainty in his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti bit her lip, her heart aching with the truth she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reveal. She deflected his question, forcing a smile. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just excited about your big night. That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m crying.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan studied her for a moment, his eyes soft, but he seemed to accept her explanation. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, Patti. You\u8217\'92re the best.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He hugged her again, his embrace full of gratitude, but also something more \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a newfound awareness that lingered in the back of his mind. Patti returned the hug, her feelings a mix of relief and yearning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They parted, and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with anticipation once again.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I think tonight\u8217\'92s going to be special.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Evan left the room, Patti lingered, her hand tracing the spot where she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tied his tie. The moment was over, but the feelings lingered. She sighed, knowing that she\u8217\'92d made the right choice, but it didn\u8217\'92t make it any easier.}}