{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-2809\li6321\lin6321}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Add to Sarah's profile that she does internships in the summer.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie has a conversation with Sarah about her doubts with Evan. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Maybe only Katie knows that she donates money out of her pocket.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Details of Doll Glasses}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Add a scene after accident where Evans illness pops up. Chloe cares for the reluctant Evan. He says I am supposed to be helping you recover.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Pattie challenge:}
\par\pard\plain \tx1126\tx2000\li504\fi621\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti asks G for advice. He tells her she has a tough choice to make. Supportive friend or jilted lover. He said doesn't matter what we think, it's what Evan thinks that matters.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 G living off Evan rebounds, but once they've slept with Evan they're off limits. I don't do my friends like that.  Or Once they do Evan they're off limits to the Guido. P Eye rolls p}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Even Sarah Tutor:}
\par\pard\plain \tx1126\tx2000\li504\fi607\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stops himself midway through make out after tutoring session. He wants to wait for Sarah to be ready. She laughs and says, shows how little I know, I thought the girl was supposed to be the one slow things down.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Add the following scenes:}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After Facebook status gets changed Sarah and her parents call concerned. Use this opportunity to give background about Sarah's father success, and how that relates to who she is.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Add a scene where Sarah goes to the Bears game hang out at football coaches nice house. Followed up were Sarah and Katie talk about Sarah's concerns for upcoming charity and her inability to connect with Evan's friends. Discuss in the later scene, how she is being like her mom, and she loves her mom, but does not want to be like her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Consider adding Evan's mom to the Christmas scene. We want moms to have a good role.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Downplay Patti's drama. She's a blurry line friend, that once to support Evan, even though she still not so secretly wants more.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Change Patti's scene after he kisses Sarah at the event. Make Evan the POV.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Add a scene after that and the chapter where Patti tells everybody that it's time just to support Evan. Even though she does think that this is a bad idea. Maybe make Guido be funny and try to stay away from all the drama.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Add a scene where Chloe takes care of Evan one is not feeling well. In that same scene, have her get him to open up about his parents, but not about Sarah. This should happen before Christmas.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Consider adding a Thanksgiving scene just as a field good. Consider having Evan's mom attend and Chloe hugging her and thanking her for having 2 of the most wonderful people she knows.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Add a scene where Evan's a little sick around Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In book 2, add a scene where Chloe takes care of Evan when he sick, and use that scene to have him open up about his dad, but not Sarah she still off-limits. That has to happen before Christmas.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}