{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-889\li2240\lin2240}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-1185\li2987\lin2987}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-1185\li2987\lin2987}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-373617\li538425\lin538425}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li25572\lin25572}{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-6657\li9593\lin9593}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-6657\li19179\lin19179}{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-4993\li14384\lin14384}{\listname ;}\listid12}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan and Sarah Drive to Liz's Home for Christmas<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 It was Christmas Eve, and Evan and Sarah were on a drive from Champaign, Illinois, to Glenview, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago. Even though school had gone on holiday break, Sarah's workload remained just as heavy. This was the peak of her philanthropic activities during the holiday season. Evan drove contentedly, looking forward to his 3-day Christmas visit with his sister. Meanwhile, Sarah worked in the car, longing to stay behind and manage her responsibilities as an event coordinator.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The last couple of months have been smooth sailing for Evan and Sarah. Although she still doesn't fit in well with Evan's friends, they have accepted her, and the situation is tolerable. Evan continued to volunteer whenever Sarah was managing a project needing volunteers.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 With Sarah's help, his grades have improved. All is well, except that Sarah is not looking forward to taking this three-day Christmas visit. <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> In Sarah's Audi Sedan driving north on I-57 Highway from Champaign, Illinois, to Glenview, Illinois. The reason they are driving Sarah's car was twofold. One was because Evan's car was old and always at risk of breaking down, and the second was that her luxury sedan was more comfortable to accommodate Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s need to work . The reason that Sarah is not driving her own car is because she wants to get work done on the ride. This should be included in in ht scene.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Late afternoon<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Dry but frigid. Cloudy and gray skies.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah and Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> N/A<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan was filled with happiness. He had a surprise present ready for his sister Liz. With the woman he was deeply in love with, Sarah, beside him and Christmas, his favorite holiday, approaching, he was elated. The anticipation of introducing Sarah to his sister Liz and her boyfriend Joe excited him. Additionally, he looked forward to sharing cherished Christmas traditions with Sarah and Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah's feelings for Evan were undeniable. However, the prospect of accompanying him to Chicago for three days, which would likely be unproductive, wasn't appealing to her. Meeting Evan's sister didn't make her nervous, but she wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t enthusiastic. Throughout the novel, Sarah's inner struggle would be evident\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 balancing her emotional connection with Evan and the life she had always known, defined by academic achievement and work. Evan's humming along to Christmas music on the radio made it challenging for Sarah to focus.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Third-person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah). The focus of this scene is what's going on inside Sarah's mind. She loved Evan very much. She adored his enthusiasm for Christmas, his sister, and this trip. At the same time, it's not her cup of tea. In what she feels was becoming an undesirable pattern, she only went along to fulfill her role as Evan's girlfriend.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Notes:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s Projects:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-216\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah has a long list of benefactors to call trying to raise as much money as she can for her favorite nonprofit organization, "Home Is Where the Heart Is."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The founder of the nonprofit organization, Marcus Chamberlain, has entrusted Sarah to organize 2 separate New Year's Eve parties. One for his donors, and one for all of the volunteers that have tirelessly worked throughout the year to assist his nonprofit.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Clothing:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-216\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Evan dessed casually with a sports sweatshirt and some jeans.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah was working up to last-minute, and didn't have time to change she was wearing a well fitted double-breasted designer white skirt suit. She put her hair in a ponytail to keep their art arise so she could focus on her laptop.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Visual descriptors:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li936\fi-216\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In part, to show that while Evan was being respectful and patient, there was a part of him that really wanted to pull Sarah away from her work. He decided to take a detour to a neighborhood famous for holiday decorations before heading to Liz's. Although reluctant, Evan insisted Sarah take a 10-minute break and enjoy the decorations. She did take a 10-minute break, smiled, and pretended to be interested, but all the while, her mind was preoccupied with work that needed to get done. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Consider including some of the visuals from a drive down a decorated neighborhood street would look like.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 A contrast of energies existed in the 2+ hour drive from their college town to the northern suburbs of Chicago. Evan had a radio station playing Christmas tunes turned up loud, and he animatedly hummed along to the tune. He was as happy as could be.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah, on the other hand, had her head buried in her laptop, working on dozens of tasks she needed to get done for upcoming holiday parties and a large fundraising event for New Year's Eve.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan was really excited about the Christmas present that he was going to give Liz. The specific gift wasn't revealed to the reader in this scene, but it was mentioned to create a bit of mystery about `what the present might be.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah did her best to tune out the music and Evan's humming, but it drove her a little crazy. However, she didn't want to kill Evan's mood, so she looked up every now and then and smiled as he talked about the great Christmas traditions that he and Liz practiced. While Evan was looking forward to introducing Sarah to her sister and their traditions, not to mention Liz's boyfriend Joe, Sarah was trying to plot ways of sneaking in some work during the three-day trip.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 The cold gray day, to some extent, matched Sarah's mood. But she was conscious not to expose that to Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan sensed that something was wrong with Sarah. He inquired a couple of times, but she just said she was busy with work. He wasn't completely convinced she was being forthcoming with what was on her mind, but his mood was too good to be distracted. However, he did remind her that she promised once they get to Liz's house the work would stop except for emergencies.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 There wasn't a lot of dialogue in the short scene. Here are some things that you may want to include: <!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li994\fi-259\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan's excitement over how much Liz was going to like the present he got her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan's excitement about the movie they watched every Christmas, but he wanted to keep it a surprise, so he didn't tell Sarah. While Evan was excited about this, Sarah's fake smile hid her desire to do anything else but watch a Christmas movie during the trip.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Use dialogue to show the reader that while Evan is happy, he is concerned about Sarah not keeping her promise to let work goal during the 3 days they will be at Liz's. He reminds her sternly but respectfully. She doesn't answer verbally he nods agreement.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::6>Even though there wouldn't be a lot of specified dialogue, you can convey to the reader that Evan pretty much talked the whole trip. All of his words were focused on what a great three-day visit this was going to be and how excited he was that they would be celebrating their first Christmas together as a couple.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::6>The scene ended with their arrival at the parking lot of Liz's apartment complex. The end of the scene should reflect Evan's enthusiasm that they had arrived, with Sarah's unspoken and hidden desire that the ride would have lasted last longer so she could have gotten more work done. She had promised Evan she wouldn't work much during their trip - only emergencies and minimal email replies.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::6>To encapsulate the contrast in Sarah and Evan's energy at the end of the drive, when they got out of the car and went to the trunk to grab their luggage and gifts, Evan leaned in for a sensual, loving kiss that he was used to having with Sarah. She uncharacteristically, kissed him very quickly and said she wanted to get out of the cold quickly.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 One goal is to show that Evan is still all in on the relationship. He has no concerns and no conflicts. While he is concerned, the universe delivered him the woman of his dreams.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Another goal is to show that while Sarah connects more with her emotional side since meeting Evan, she still leans heavily toward the life she knows and the person she was. This has been a struggle since they started their relationship. <!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Car radio, laptop<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene. I recommend implementing more internal dialogue than usual.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls11\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls12\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}