{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but admire Sarah as she approached, her vibrant turquoise evening gown shimmering in the ballroom\u8217\'92s light. The fitted bodice with its modest sweetheart neckline adorned with intricate lace highlighted her grace and elegance, and the gentle train added a touch of sophistication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look amazing, Sarah,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice filled with genuine admiration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, taking in Evan\u8217\'92s well-fitted charcoal gray suit, soft blue dress shirt, and stylish maroon tie. \u8220\'93And you, Evan, look like you were born to wear that suit.\u8221\'94 The outfit, though purchased on a budget, gave Evan a refined appearance, suitable for the elegant fundraiser event. It was a visual testament to his effort to fit into her world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After Evan and Sarah exchanged compliments, she grabbed her glass of wine from the bar. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Evan. Let\u8217\'92s go talk somewhere privately,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice filled with a mix of excitement and concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows shot up in intrigue, but he obediently followed her. They wove through the crowd, past the coat check room, and into a small storage room. The door clicked shut behind them, creating an intimate space filled with the scent of freshly laundered linens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this the make-out room?\u8221\'94 he asked, his voice brimming with the energy of a teenager in love. He leaned in for a kiss, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laugh was soft and alluring, but her tone was firm. \u8220\'93Not here. This is my work. We have to keep it professional.\u8221\'94 Her eyes were serious but playful, and Evan couldn\u8217\'92t help but be captivated by her dedication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan leaned back, his lips curving into a teasing smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are we whispering? There\u8217\'92s no one here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94 Sarah laughed again, her anxiety momentarily forgotten. The sound was like a melody to Evan\u8217\'92s ears, and they both laughed, the tension easing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Finally, Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted to one of focus and purpose. \u8220\'93I brought you back here because I wanted to prep you for the fundraiser. I should\u8217\'92ve done this earlier, but I got so busy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prep away!\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s enthusiasm was infectious, his eyes bright with curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah took a moment, her eyes searching his, her voice soft with concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, first, tell me how you\u8217\'92re feeling. Are you nervous?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was genuine and thoughtful, his nerves laid bare. \u8220\'93I was extremely nervous when I left my apartment. I decided to call Liz on the two-hour drive to Chicago. She reminded me that no matter how wealthy or sophisticated a person is, they still put on their pants one leg at a time. They still sneeze, burp, cough, cry, and laugh. She also told me that, most importantly, rich or poor, the best people prioritize authenticity. If they don\u8217\'92t like me for who I am, then I should simply, as Liz calls it, \u8216\'91exit gracefully.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s all it took to calm your nerves?\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s voice was tinged with amusement, but her eyes were gentle, filled with understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face split into a grin, ever the comic. \u8220\'93Well, that and a little help from my friend Jack Daniels that your bartender introduced me to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They both laughed again, the room filled with the sound of their shared joy. Then Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face turned serious, her business look taking over. \u8220\'93This fundraising event is for the nonprofit organization, \u8216\'91Home Is Where the Heart Is.\u8217\'92 It was founded by a very wealthy businessman and gentleman named Marcus Chamberlain \endash  think Morgan Freeman\u8217\'92s twin brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha!\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s response was immediate, his mind working quickly to absorb the information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the third event I\u8217\'92ve organized for him. I like working for him because he\u8217\'92s not a jerk and gives me the autonomy to do the job right. He is quite distinguished, so be on your best behavior around him.\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s words were filled with a mix of pride and caution, her faith in Evan evident but tinged with a hint of anxiety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, ever attentive, repeated the critical components of words to help him remember. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marcus Chamberlain, Home Is Where the Heart Is, best behavior. Got it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will the funds raised tonight be used for?\u8221\'94 His question was genuine, his interest in the cause clear in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer was filled with passion, her belief in the cause shining through. \u8220\'93Home Is Where the Heart Is provides funds and volunteers to help low-income families rehab homes in disrepair. They also help rebuild uninsured or underinsured homes lost due to fire or natural disaster.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow! Those are good causes.\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s admiration was evident, his respect for Sarah\u8217\'92s work growing by the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it is. I hope to top last year\u8217\'92s record for this annual fundraising event.\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s determination was palpable, her desire to succeed burning brightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who else do I need to know about? The bartender said I may have to defend you against some salacious wolves?\u8221\'94 Evan\u8217\'92s words were accompanied by a humorously exaggerated boxer\u8217\'92s pose, his dukes held high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laughter rang out again, her delight in Evan\u8217\'92s antics clear. \u8220\'93Just having you by my side will spook them away. It will be nice not to have to deal with them for once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She looked at her watch, her face falling slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re out of time. Look, do your best. Don\u8217\'92t be offended or surprised if a bunch of people try to get you to donate money. Since no one knows you, they may think you\u8217\'92re a trust fund kid and see you as fresh meat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face turned mock-serious, his eyes twinkling. \u8220\'93Can I get a kiss before we head out into the den of wolves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan found it amusing when his request for a quick kiss was met with a brief, paranoid glance around the room. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand her caution, but her endearing paranoia brought a smile to his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, one quick kiss, that\u8217\'92s it.\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s words were firm, but her eyes were soft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 True to her word, Evan got a quick kiss, and that was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah opened the door, peeked her head out, and looked both ways. With the coast clear, she and Evan walked down the hall toward The Grand Ballroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As they reached the edge of the grand ballroom, illuminated by the soft glow of crystal chandeliers and filled with the murmur of elegant conversations, Evan turned to Sarah with an air of traditional gallantry. His eyes met hers, and with a slight, gentlemanly bow, he extended his arm toward her. Understanding the timeless gesture, Sarah gracefully slipped her arm into his, allowing her hand to rest just above his elbow. With arms interlocked, they ventured into the mystery of the evening ahead, both excited and optimistic about what lay before them.}}