{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Name:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Mildred Wilkins<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Gender:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Female<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Age:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Mid-60s<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Current residence:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Seattle, Washington<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Vehicle Driven:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Mercedes-Benz<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Resembles:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Actor Meryl Streep<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Eye Color:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Blue<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Hair Color:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Gray<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Height:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'926\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Body type:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Slender<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Relationships:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Wife to Jack Wilkins. Mother of Sarah Wilkins.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Personality traits: <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::4>In terms of brand archetypes, her would be considered a Caregiver.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her Myers-Briggs archetype is INFJ.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Born in central Illinois.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She met Jack in high school when she was a junior, and he was a senior.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She worked various low-paying jobs while Jack attended a nearby college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were married shortly after he graduated.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mildred was a dutiful wife to an authoritative husband.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was not in any way abused; Jack treated her well. It's just that he was the primary decision-maker on any critical decisions. Mildred and Jack were rarely out of sync, regardless of who made the decision.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She eventually became an assistant office manager, where Jack worked after college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a few years, Jack was ready to start his own company, and Mildred followed him. She worked almost as many hours as Jack doing whatever needed, from cleaning the office to managing the books.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The company grew quickly, and shortly after that, Sarah was born. Once Sarah was born, Mildred voted to be a mother and wife.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mildred was a tad more expressive than her husband or daughter and often felt like a third wheel. That being said, she was fulfilled by her role as mother and wife and had no desire to return to the corporate world. She enjoyed her life after Sarah was born.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When there were times that she disagreed with Jack's decision, especially about Sarah's upbringing, she would speak up. However, if Jack pushed back, Mildred would bite her tongue and acquiesce.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Character Description: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In her mid-60s, Mildred Wilkins exudes a quiet, dignified grace. Her eyes, a vibrant blue, mirror those of her husband, Jack, and their only child, Sarah. She possesses a slim figure, standing at a modest 5'6", and carries herself with an air of serene confidence. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Born and raised in Central Illinois, Mildred's life took a significant turn when she met Jack during her junior year of high school. The pair were inseparable from then on. Even as Jack progressed through college, Mildred stood by him, juggling various low-paying jobs to support their budding relationship. Their bond solidified when they got married shortly after Jack's graduation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mildred was a steadfast companion to her authoritative husband, Jack. Their dynamic was harmonious, even though Jack predominantly held the reins of decision-making. Jack treated her with respect and kindness, never overstepping the boundaries into mistreatment or abuse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following Jack into the corporate world, Mildred worked alongside him in various roles, from office cleaning to bookkeeping. She proved herself to be versatile, a characteristic that would serve her well when they embarked on the journey of starting their own company.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The birth of Sarah ushered in a new chapter in Mildred's life. She chose to step back from the corporate world, dedicating herself to the roles of mother and wife. Though she occasionally felt like a third wheel in the intellectually intense dynamics between Jack and Sarah, she found fulfillment in her chosen path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mildred's personality was a tad more expressive than her husband's or her daughter's. When she disagreed with Jack's decisions, especially concerning Sarah's upbringing, she wasn't afraid to voice her concerns. But when met with resistance, she would often yield, valuing harmony over conflict. Nonetheless, her influence was a gentle but firm grounding force in their family life, providing a balance to Jack's authoritative stance and Sarah's ambition. Mildred loved her life and cherished her role as a loving mother and a supportive wife.}}