{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah sat in her tastefully decorated apartment, her eyes flitting nervously to the door every few seconds. It was Valentine's Day, and her stomach fluttered with a mixture of excitement and anticipation. Her relationship with Evan had been an oasis of happiness and intimacy, something that she had never quite experienced before. The month since the New Year had been a joy, especially with the shared volunteer activities. Evan had embraced her world with open arms, and as she waited for him to arrive, she couldn't help but smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 _This is going so well. I can't wait for tonight._}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The door swung open, and Evan's tall frame filled the doorway. His eyes lit up when he saw her, and for a moment, the world seemed perfect. He crossed the distance between them, and their lips met in a passionate kiss, full of promises and whispers of the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Happy Valentine's Day, Sarah," Evan breathed, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Happy Valentine's Day," she echoed, her heart pounding. She handed him an envelope containing the brochure for the lovers' retreat she had planned. "I thought this could be fun for us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's eyes widened as he flicked through the brochure. "This looks amazing. I can't wait."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She chuckled, pleased by his reaction, but then her eyes caught sight of a small velvet box he held. _What's this?_}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a somewhat nervous expression, Evan opened the box, revealing a simple yet elegant promise ring. "Sarah, I want this to symbolize my commitment to us, to what we have and what we can be."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She stared at the ring, then at Evan. Her heart raced, torn between elation and a ripple of apprehension. _A promise ring. That's serious. But it's beautiful. And it's from Evan._}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "May I?" Evan asked softly, holding the ring up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Of course," she murmured. As he slid the ring onto her finger, a rush of emotions engulfed her. It felt strangely monumental, this tiny piece of metal encircling her finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Without thinking, she snapped a quick selfie with her new ring and uploaded it to Facebook. _Let the world see. Today, I'm just a girl in love._}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As if reading her thoughts, Evan announced the next surprise. "How about a romantic dinner to celebrate?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The Italian restaurant Evan had chosen was intimate and elegant, the tables adorned with white tablecloths and lit by flickering candlelight. A string quartet played softly in the background, giving the evening an air of timeless romance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Yet, as Evan talked about the future during dinner--always so indefinite, so unsure--Sarah felt a pinch of unease. He spoke as if there was no expiration date, but she knew better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 _What happens when I go off to grad school? What happens to us?_}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She pushed the thought away, focusing on the taste of her tiramisu and the warmth in Evan's eyes. _Tonight, there are no worries. Tonight, it's just love._}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They returned to her apartment, and the night culminated in a passionate intertwining of souls and bodies. Yet, even as she got lost in the sensations, the ring on her finger felt heavy--a weight that both thrilled and terrified her. A promise, yet a question. A joy, yet a concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As she lay in Evan's arms, staring at the ceiling, Sarah realized that despite the euphoria, questions remained, coiling like shadows in the corners of her mind. Tonight, they could be ignored. But tomorrow was another day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The questions would wait. But they wouldn't disappear.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}