{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the early semester at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, two seniors, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn, have yet to cross paths. Evan is a charismatic, athletic young man, admired and liked by all, yet keeps his ego in check, thanks to his sister, Liz. He's not an exceptional student, but he promised Liz he'd graduate with a GPA of at least 3.0, so he hits the books despite his preference for the outdoors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, however, thrives in academia. She is certain to graduate top of her class and considers the university library her sanctuary. Also, as a business major and teacher's assistant, she teaches a Business-101 class weekly. One day, engrossed in an audio seminar, she loses track of time. As she rushes from the library, earbuds still in place, she fails to notice the steps in her path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, spotting Sarah's impending fall, rushes to her rescue. Their collision results in a passionate kiss. Sarah, having promised herself and her father she would avoid romantic entanglements until she starts her professional career, panics and rushes away, leaving behind her glasses without telling Evan her name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A week later, Evan finds Sarah and returns her repaired glasses. He manages to charm her into a break at the food court. Sarah is stressed by Evan's popularity, especially with the female coeds, and begins to question herself. But Evan convinces her, and they share another passionate kiss before agreeing to a date.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, out of touch with typical dating protocols, enlists help from Katie Andrews, a student in her Business-101 class, for a makeover and wardrobe update. As she is at the salon, she questions her decision to remain romantically detached during college and decides to approach a relationship with Evan in a businesslike manner. Over dinner, she proposes rules and guidelines for their relationship, prioritizing her academics. Evan agrees, smitten since their first encounter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Following their successful first date, Sarah becomes more open to romance and affection, while Evan improves academically with her help. Despite the prospect of Sarah pursuing her master's degree in an Ivy League school, they enjoy their time together, not discussing what lies beyond their graduation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unknown to Sarah, Evan plans to propose at the graduation party he's organizing with his friend Guido. He surprises her with an invite to her parents and a plaque honoring her academic achievements. Sarah, not having disclosed the depth of her feelings for Evan, panics as she accepts the proposal. She fears disappointing her father and veering from her life plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Meeting with her parents after the party, Sarah is given an ultimatum by her father. She can follow Evan to Chicago and build a life with him, while still expected to get her master's degree and return to Seattle, or continue with her original plan. If she chooses Evan, she'll lose her father's financial support. Torn between her original plan and her feelings for Evan, she ultimately follows her heart, deciding to build a life with Evan in Chicago.}}