{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Summary 1 (Approx. 125 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Patti Keane, a striking 20-year-old junior at the University of Illinois, stands out as one of the prettiest girls in her class. With her tall, athletic frame, light blue eyes, and well-kept brown hair, she radiates a modest beauty that others often label as stunning. Patti's engaging personality and dedication to self-care contribute to her appealing appearance. Her involvement in personal training and passion for outdoor activities like running and triathlons showcase her determined and active nature. Patti's close friendship with Evan and her role in revealing his romantic past bring depth to the storyline. She navigates a complex connection with Evan, balancing unspoken feelings, concern, and genuine friendship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Summary 2 (Approx. 75 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Patti Keane, a 20-year-old junior at the University of Illinois, captivates with her striking beauty, tall stature, light blue eyes, and maintained appearance. A dedicated personal training enthusiast and outdoor lover, Patti's vibrant personality shines through her interactions. Close friendship with Evan unveils her unspoken emotions and concern for his choices. Her presence adds intricacy to the storyline, offering insights into Evan's romantic past and complexities of their relationship.}}