{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Location Profile: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Name of the place:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0> Champaign Hotel Grand Ballroom<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Country: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>USA<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 State: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 City: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>Champaign<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Type of place: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>Hotel Party Room/Ballroom<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Capacity: Accommodates 30-40 people}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 What role does this setting play in the story?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>Guido and Evan take charge of this grand space, leasing it for a night to host an exuberant post-graduation party. The Champaign Hotel Grand Ballroom transforms from a simple gathering spot into an integral setting for a pivotal moment in the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 It's within the enchanting walls of this ballroom that Evan musters the courage to propose to Sarah. Amidst the celebration and festive sounds, the room falls silent for a brief, magical moment as Evan expresses his love and commitment to Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Adding an unexpected twist to the evening, Sarah is taken aback when she spots her parents amidst the crowd, their presence a surprise to her. This eventful night also presents the sole opportunity for Evan to meet Sarah's parents. The interactions and emotions unfolding within the grandeur of this ballroom deepen the narrative, as relationships are explored, and bonds are solidified.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Description:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::0>Tucked within the sophisticated Champaign Hotel, the Grand Ballroom offers a spacious and stylish venue for lively college parties. It blends traditional elegance with contemporary design elements, exuding a vibrant and welcoming ambiance, perfect for a memorable evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Upon entering the room, the sight of a small, but professionally-equipped stage draws immediate attention. It's an intimate platform set against a textured backdrop, spotlighted by a couple of sleek stage lights hanging from the ceiling. This area serves as the announcement center, creating a focal point in the room and drawing the crowd together for key moments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The dance floor, a significant feature of the ballroom, stretches out invitingly in front of the stage. Its polished wooden surface, reflecting the soft, colorful glow of strategically placed LED lights, tempts even the most reserved attendees to let loose and dance. Positioned to encourage interaction and fun, the dance floor becomes the heart of the party, pulsating with energy and laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The ballroom's high ceiling enhances the sense of space, accommodating the 30-40 party-goers comfortably. A series of chic, crystal chandeliers hang from the ceiling, casting a soft, inviting light throughout the room. Ambient wall sconces complement the chandeliers, ensuring the room is well-lit yet retains an intimate feel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Round tables draped in crisp, white linens and adorned with minimalistic centerpieces are strategically arranged around the dance floor. Each seats four to six guests, promoting comfortable conversation and interaction among the party-goers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 On one side of the room, a long, buffet-style table offers a selection of refreshments and finger foods, ideal for refueling during the festivities. On the opposite side, a well-stocked bar serves a variety of drinks, tended by a friendly, skilled bartender. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Despite its formal setting, the Grand Ballroom exudes a youthful charm, making it a fitting location for a gathering of exuberant college students. The setting, while sophisticated, is infused with an infectious energy that inspires camaraderie, fun, and perhaps a touch of romance among its young guests.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}