{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah made her way into the Business-101 classroom at the University of Illinois, a familiar warmth flooding her veins at the sight of the room that had played host to countless academic victories. Rows upon rows of maroon theater-style seats sprawled out in a grand cascade, awaiting the day's youthful patrons. The fair sunlight poured in from the windows, casting an inviting glow on the polished wooden podium and the expansive whiteboard that dominated the front of the room. But today, the classroom would bear witness to a performance quite different from its usual fare.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A hush fell over the room as eyes darted towards the door, landing on a figure they had almost given up on seeing. Ten minutes late and glasses-free, Sarah stood in the doorway, her usually tied-back hair cascading freely down her shoulders. The sight of their punctual teacher's assistant, caught in this uncharacteristic moment, hung in the air like a suspended note in a symphony.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Striding forward with a steadying breath, Sarah adjusted her outfit and fixed a determined smile on her face. "I apologize for being late," she addressed the silent sea of faces, her voice echoing off the tall ceilings. "It will not happen again. Today we will review topics on next week\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exam.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As she turned towards the whiteboard, the chalk in her hand began to fly across the expansive surface, outlining the next chapter's material before a confused voice called out, "Ms. Wilkins, we have never discussed that material."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The world seemed to pause, Sarah standing frozen at the front of the room, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kiss still lingering on her lips and causing a ripple in her otherwise calm composure. She took a deep breath, her mind finally catching up to the fact that she had strayed off course in her lesson plan. *One of those days*, she thought, embracing the change and allowing it to guide her to a new destination.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The confident teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assistant they had all grown accustomed to saw her fa\u231\'E7ade begin to soften as she leaned casually against the front of her desk. \u8220\'93Did you ever have one of those days where something happens that you didn\u8217\'92t expect, and it throws you off your game?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice echoing with a raw honesty that drew everyone's attention.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The room was punctuated by a chorus of affirmative nods, the usually rigid air of the classroom filling with a soft empathy. "Today is one of those days for me," Sarah confessed, her voice free from its usual rigidity, flowing like a calm river.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 And so, Sarah, in her newfound authenticity, proposed a deviation from the normal course of study, focusing on the trickier aspects of the forthcoming exam. The unanimous agreement from her students fueled an energy within her, sparking a connection she had never felt before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the class ended, a burst of laughter and cheerful chatter filled the room, starkly different from the silence that usually marked the end of her lessons. A young woman with bright pink hair that shone under the room's soft lighting approached her. "Ms. Wilkins, I wanted to say how much I enjoyed our class today. Whatever happened, I hope will happen again next week!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's heart warmed at the thought. She looked at Katie, her eyes shining with a hint of shared understanding and gratitude, and thought, *Me too!*.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Style: Nicholas Sparks \endash  Evocative, heartfelt, interpersonal connections, grounded realism, and casual romanticism.}}