{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the heart of the University of Illinois, a sea of expectant eyes filled the Business-101 classroom. The tiered rows of maroon seats, mirroring the grandeur of a cinema, remained pointed towards the vacant podium at the room's center. The usually punctual Sarah Wilkins was absent, and the large space echoed with hushed whispers and speculation, stirring a mixed energy that bounced off the 30-foot ceiling and reverberated through the geometric artwork adorning the walls. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Ten minutes past the hour, the door swung open, and Sarah hurried in. All conversation ceased. She wasn't the picture of poise they were accustomed to. Her glasses were absent, her hair wasn't constrained in its usual bun, and her eyes reflected a strange mix of exhilaration and panic. A silence swept the room, every student transfixed by the disheveled appearance of their usually impeccable teaching assistant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I apologize for being late. It will not happen again. Today we will review topics on next week\u8217\'92s exam,\u8221\'94 Sarah announced, striding to the expansive whiteboard, her heart pounding as she tried to regain control. She wrote, her hand moving in long, practiced strokes, but the words she jotted were alien to the room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Ms. Wilkins, we have never discussed that material," a student pointed out, and Sarah's heart sank. She had blundered, exposing her internal disarray.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Pausing, she took a deep breath, reminding herself to take charge of the moment. Instead of retreating behind her desk, she walked to the front, leaned against it, and faced her students, deciding to steer the ship in an entirely different direction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever have one of those days where something happens that you didn\u8217\'92t expect, and it throws you off your game?\u8221\'94 Sarah's voice wavered slightly, but it was warmer, more human, drawing surprised smiles from her students. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Today is one of those days for me." It was a confession, and it somehow brought her closer to them. The classroom hummed with intrigue. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She launched into a fresh approach, highlighting the trick questions that would appear on the exam rather than focusing on rote memorization. Her voice carried through the room, the usual monotone replaced with an engaging tone that resonated with every student. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 At the end of the session, the students exited, leaving behind an air of satisfaction. Only one figure lingered behind, Katie Andrews, who walked up to Sarah with a beaming smile. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ms. Wilkins, I wanted to say how much I enjoyed our class today. Whatever happened, I hope will happen again next week!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah couldn't help the small smile tugging at her lips. "Me Too!" she thought, watching Katie leave, cherishing the spark of hope that today's frenzy might have had a silver lining.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [Author's Style: Dynamic Description and Direct Speech]}}