{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As the orchestrator of the night's grand affair, Sarah found a temporary sanctuary in this adjacent multipurpose room. While Evan, Guido, and a select group of friends were out there in the Champaign Hotel Grand Ballroom, busy transforming it into an epicenter of post-graduation revelry--a celebration they'd all pooled their money to make a reality--Sarah sat alone, ostensibly to finalize her pre-party checklist. Yet, as she sat there, the room seemed to her a metaphor for her own life at this crossroads moment. It was a blank canvas, and just like her future, it held a myriad of possibilities, yet remained undefined}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s so clean, so devoid of marks. A space waiting for something to happen, something to give it character.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Her thoughts drifted from the checklist on the table to the checklist of her life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ambitions, the grand plans she'd nurtured for so long.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>How perfectly parallel, this room and I<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , she mused. The white walls were like the empty pages in a journal, waiting for words to capture emotions, stories, or dreams. The untouched whiteboard, a manifestation of opportunities yet seized, a slate waiting to be filled with equations that solved for 'x'--that unknown variable that was her future. She, too, was at a precipice, about to step into the unknown, and the simplicity of this room seemed to mirror her own unchartered territory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just as the room was outfitted with the bare essentials--a table, chairs--so too was she equipped with the fundamental decisions that would shape her life.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Should I move with Evan to Chicago or should I head for an Ivy League campus?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  In the same way this room would eventually see lively discussions, host hard decisions, or even serve as a sanctuary for someone seeking a moment of peace, she knew that her life, too, would take on the hue of the choices she made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the room waited in its unassuming emptiness, she realized she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let her life remain a blank canvas for too long. A room comes alive not just by the furniture you put in it, but by the memories you make there. Her life, she concluded, would be much the same; it would be defined not just by her choices, but by her courage to make those choices in the first place.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}