{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Unbridled Emotion: A Vivid Awakening<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Middle:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>After several minutes, The warm embraces finally stopped. Bridget walked over to Joe and gave him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and thanked him for flying her up for Christmas. Evan followed suit with one of those man handshakes that turn into one armed hug. Finally, Liz stared into Joe's eyes with gratitude and love. A gentle hug and a soft kiss was his reward.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Evan gesture to Sarah to come over to meet his mom. Evan did not hold back.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Mom:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93This is Sarah. The woman I'm madly in love with. Sarah, this is my mom, Bridget!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah reached out her hand to greet Evan's mother with a handshake.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I'm so pleased to meet you.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Bridget }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (chuckling with the others in the room)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, dear. This family doesn't greet our loved ones with handshakes. We are a family of huggers.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 This came as no surprise to Sarah as she welcomed a warm embrace from Evan's mom. She could immediately see the same qualities in Bridget as she sighed and Evan and Liz.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Let's all sit down and finish our meals, I can't wait to hear how you to pull this off.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan directed his mom to her seat.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Have a seat mom I'll heat you up some food.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense. You sit down next year lovely girlfriend, I can serve myself.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe directed Bridget to the oven for the turkey, otherwise Bridget seemed very at home knowing where everything was in helping herself.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah didn't know what came over her, but she grabbed both Evan and Liz's hand at the same time and said I'm so happy for you. Normally Sarah was a hands-off type of person.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 [ There's not much value in covering the conversation in detail about how Joe and Bridget tricked everybody. Just write a paragraph or two about how they were deceptive about the dates of the cruise, as much as she wishes to stay longer, she had to fly out on Christmas evening so she can make a cruise and time.  ] }
\par\plain {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf8 [ Although nothing is revealed in this scene, there is subtext and that the real reason that Joe invited Bridget, was so she could witness his proposal to Liz on Christmas morning. Joe had told no one that he was proposing to Liz, not even Bridget. His story was that this was just a Christmas present. When you're writing duration, you may want to throw some hints to the reader that Joe has a hidden agenda of the best kind. But keep it subtle. ] }}