{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Mystery Guest Guesses<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 2: Middle of the Scene}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe noticed that Sarah was quiet. Wanting to help her feel more involved he looked at her and asked.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know you're new here, but you have any guesses?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (tentatively)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don't really know many people that the three of you collectively know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Joe }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (wanting to keep Sarah engaged in conversation)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93That's ok. You guesses can be any worse than these bozo's.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan pretended to be offended, and it was his turn to throw a role at Joe. Which Joe caught and mimicked Evan's response to Liz's throw.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah didn't want to make her guess out loud.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (whispered and Evan zero)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You don't think it's Guido do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan cracked up laughing and said out loud, no I'm sure is not Guido, he's in Philadelphia. Sarah's subsequent sigh of relief caused chuckles from Liz and Joe.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf6 Joe }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf8 (Findings Sarah's response amusing)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Not a big fan of the Guido, are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah was spared from responding to that question by a knock on the door. Watching Evan and Liz's childlike excitement was contagious. Even though she was certain she would have no connection to the guest, she was getting excited to find out who the mystery guess was.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe instructed everyone to stay in their seats until you answer the door. The look on Joe's face and the lightness of his walk illustrated how proud he was to have kept a surprise this long, and how gratifying was going to be to watch the reaction of Liz and Sarah when they see the special guest.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe open the door, but his large size was enough to hide the mystery guest the view of the others. He wanted to add to the anticipation, so he slowly shuffled his feet until he was just about 10 feet away from the table. Sarah's heart beat fast in anticipation. Somehow she became vested in this experience. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Finally, Joe moved to the side to reveal the mystery guest.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0}