{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>A medley of late Christmas songs wrapped the apartment in a cocoon of seasonal melodies. Liz, an adept orchestrator of moments, cherished intimate family gatherings during the holiday season. The sound of water cascading from the sink accompanied her meticulous cleansing of fresh vegetables, each one a small promise of the feast to come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Engulfed in her culinary ritual, Liz felt the familiar press of arms encircling her from behind. Joe, her partner in both life and celebration, brushed a soft kiss against her neck, a whispered affirmation of their connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe's voice held a familiar warmth as he spoke. "Did I ever tell you how you light up the whole world?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's laughter danced through the air, her response playful and affectionate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Yes, I've heard that tune before. But I'll never tire of hearing it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With an unspoken plea, Joe's smile invited a kiss, a silent reminder of their shared moments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Turning to face him, Liz's gaze sparkled with mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "And are you ready to unveil the secrets of our enigmatic guest?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe's eyes twinkled with playful intrigue, the secrets of the evening held close to his heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sorry, darling. You'll have to wait just like the rest."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz responded with an artful arch of her brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I suppose that means I'll withhold my kisses a little longer."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A tender peck on Joe's nose was her affectionate promise, a fleeting connection before she resumed her culinary reverie. But Joe, ever the tease, responded with a gentle tickle, coaxing her attention once more. His voice held a soft plea, a charming request for affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz couldn't resist, her laughter blending with acquiescence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Alright, just one quick kiss."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In that brief embrace, their emotions converged, a shared laughter-filled moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's culinary domain extended to crafting sides, desserts, and a tantalizing dinner salad, each dish a building block for the feast ahead. Meanwhile, Joe's domain lay in perfecting the centerpiece\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a generous turkey destined for the grill on their balcony. A second-floor haven transformed into a culinary stage for Joe's grilling expertise, aided by his trusty Weber charcoal grill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Amidst the dance of ingredients, Liz paused to inquire about the turkey's progress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "How's the centerpiece coming along?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, a culinary maestro juggling turkey and a basketball game on TV, responded with a grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "It'll be ready an hour or so after the first guests arrive. Speaking of guests, where's Evan? Any word?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a flicker of her phone, Liz unveiled Evan's most recent dispatch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a visual tale of their detour through Candy Cane Lane, a neighborhood transformed into a festive wonderland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz shared the images. "Evan and Sarah got sidetracked by Candy Cane Lane. He just messaged; they're en route and should be here in 15 minutes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Acknowledging the swift passage of time, Liz offered Joe a choice: slicing vegetables or overseeing the turkey's journey. Joe, ever the gracious partner, chose to tend to the turkey, plucking a carrot on his way out.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}