{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>A medley of late Christmas songs hummed through the apartment, creating a cozy and festive ambiance. Liz, her hands drenched, was at the sink rinsing off vegetables when Joe approached her from behind. With a warm, loving embrace, he circled his arms around her waist and planted a soft kiss on her neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Did I ever tell you you're the most beautiful woman in the world?" Joe's voice was tinged with affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Yes, you have, plenty of times. But I never get tired of hearing it," Liz responded, her voice carrying a note of genuine appreciation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Can I have a kiss?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Pausing her task, Liz turned around to face him, her eyes gleaming mischievously. "Are you going to tell me who our mystery guest is tonight?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Nope! You're just going to have to wait with everybody else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Well then, you're just going to have to wait for your kiss."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She leaned in and gave Joe a quick peck on the tip of his nose before turning back to her preparations. But Joe wasn't ready to surrender. With a sly grin, he tickled her sides, causing her to giggle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Alright, just one quick one," she conceded, turning around to give him a proper, lingering kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Eagerly, she returned to her bustling kitchen kingdom. Liz was responsible for all the side dishes, desserts, and the dinner salad, while Joe took charge of the turkey, cooking it on his prized Weber charcoal grill perched on their second-floor balcony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "How is the turkey coming along?" Liz inquired, her fingers skillfully dicing carrots on the cutting board.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "It should be ready about an hour after we told everyone to show up. I thought Evan would be here by now. Have you heard from him?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Finally, a chance to share.* Liz grabbed her phone from the counter and opened the recent photos Evan had sent. "He and Sarah took a detour to that neighborhood they call Candy Cane Lane. They should be here in about 15 minutes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz could sense the time ticking away. She decided to delegate. "Either pick up a knife and start chopping, or go watch your basketball game and keep an eye on the turkey."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Without missing a beat, Joe grabbed a raw carrot from the counter. "Turkey duty and basketball it is." He declared, crunching into the vegetable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz playfully smacked his hand as he left the kitchen. *They're almost here. Evan and Sarah. This is so exciting.* Her heart fluttered at the thought, anchoring her in a moment brimming with love, excitement, and a dash of mystery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}