{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Could you rewrite this section of dialogue, removing the labels  "Evan:" and "Sarah:" and inserting dialogue tags an action tags as you see fit?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you so interested in me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I don't know, Sarah. There's just something about you. Your different from the girls I'm used to meeting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah: "You don't even know me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "Well\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85I don't know how to answer your question. You tell me. Why did you kiss me? Why are you with me here now instead of studying?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah(looking down, resigned to not knowing why): "Other than the obvious\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" implying Evan's good looks, "I don't know either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan (persuasively pleading): "Well, let's find out together! Go to dinner with me."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Why are you so interested in me?" Sarah asked, her brow furrowing in confusion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan shrugged, a soft smile playing on his lips. "I don't know, Sarah. There's just something about you. You're different from the girls I'm used to meeting."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You don't even know me," she countered, her tone softening.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He tilted his head slightly, his gaze steady on her. "Well\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85I don't know how to answer your question. You tell me. Why did you kiss me? Why are you with me here now instead of studying?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah cast her eyes downward, resigned to not knowing why herself. "Other than the obvious\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" She let her words trail off, implying his good looks, "I don't know either."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan's eyes sparkled with a persuasive plea as he extended his hand towards her. "Well, let's find out together! Go to dinner with me."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Why are you so interested in me?" Sarah posed the question, her brow furrowing slightly as she leaned back in her seat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan paused, studying her for a moment. "I don't know, Sarah. There's just something about you. You're different from the girls I'm used to meeting."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You don't even know me." Her retort came out softer than she intended, her gaze dipping to the table.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "That's true," Evan admitted, his voice steady. He tilted his head, a thoughtful look crossing his features. "But let me ask you something. Why did you kiss me? Why are you here with me now instead of studying?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She looked down, her fingers tracing the rim of her coffee cup. "Other than the obvious\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" she said, her words trailing off to imply Evan's good looks. She sighed softly, her shoulders shrugging slightly. "I don't know either."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 There was a persuasive plea in Evan's eyes as he leaned across the table towards her. "Well, let's find out together," he said earnestly. "Go to dinner with me."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Absolutely, here's a revised version that reflects the setting:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Why are you so interested in me?" Sarah asked, her arms crossed as she faced him, her eyes brimming with questions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan looked at her, his eyes reflecting a mix of curiosity and genuine interest. "I don't know, Sarah. There's just something about you. You're different from the girls I'm used to meeting."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You don't even know me," she countered, her voice softer than intended, her gaze shifting to the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He nodded, acknowledging her point. "That's true," he admitted, a breeze lifting a lock of his hair as he met her gaze again. "But let me ask you something. Why did you kiss me? Why are you here with me now instead of studying?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She dropped her gaze to her feet, her foot tracing an absent pattern on the pavement. "Other than the obvious\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" she began, implying Evan's good looks. Her voice tapered off to a whisper, "I don't know either."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A persuasive plea etched in Evan's eyes as he took a step closer to her, the distance between them shrinking. "Well, let's find out together," he said earnestly, his voice barely above a whisper. "Go to dinner with me."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}