{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-6657\li9593\lin9593}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Replace this character\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s existing Profile with this one.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Name:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> Patti Keane<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Gender:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> Female<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Age:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> 20<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Eye Color:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> Light Blue<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Hair Color:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> Light Brown<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Height:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'928\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Physical description:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> Patti is considered by others to be one of the prettiest, if not the prettiest girl in her junior class. She's too modest to consider herself among the most stunning, but most outsiders would label her as gorgeous.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 She's tall and long-legged. She has beautiful, kind, light blue eyes and long brown hair. She dresses like any college coed would, but her clothes are always clean, her hair is always well-kept, and her teeth are as white as snow. This girl tends to her appearance, but not in a narcissistic, vain way. She believes in taking care of herself.  She is fit as can be, but her body is very feminine.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Education:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> Patti is a junior at the University of Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Hobbies And interests:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> <!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Her personal training sessions with Evan paid off. She regularly runs 5K's and participates in at least one triathlon in the summer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Patti loves college life. She loves classes; she loves parties; she loves college friendships; she loves the campus; She loves the college experience as a whole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 One of the things that bonded her with Evan is that she likes the outdoors as much as he does \endash  hiking, biking, and jogging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 She doesn't play team sports but enjoys attending college football games, basketball games, and Evan and Guido's Sunday softball games. She is an enthusiastic fan.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Role in story:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4>Patti plays an essential role in the following novel in the series.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 For this novel, her character is predominantly used to bring information about Evan's romantic past. This will help the reader understand how Sarah differs from the women Evan was involved with in the past \endash  Patti being one of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 At one point, her character challenges Evan on his decision to be with Sarah. Partially driven by her romantic feelings for Evan but even more so moved by her concern that he has made a choice he will one day come to regret. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Evan is one of her best friends, and she doesn't want to see him get hurt. In Patti's eyes, it is evident that Sarah and Evan are not compatible enough to make a relationship work long-term.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 He scolds her for questioning his relationship with Sarah's potential and suggesting that Sarah is not suitable for him. Evan takes that as a direct criticism of Sarah \endash  which he will not tolerate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Patti backs off as all of Evan's friends who share her perspective. No friendships are lost, but Evan's relationship with Sarah creates some space in his friendships with everyone other than Guido.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Relationships:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> <!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Like Evan has a best friend that appears to be his opposite, Guido, Patti has a best friend that seems to be her opposite, Roxanne.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Patti met sophomore Evan at the gym as a freshman when she inquired about personal trainer lessons. After six months of college partying, the usually fit Patti had put on a few extra college pounds. However, her real motivation for convincing her parents to pay for personal training was her crush on Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Eventually, Patti transitioned from a client to joining Guido and Evan's inner circle of friends. Patti's roommate Roxanne went along for the ride.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Evan only considered Patti a friend. Patti watched over the next couple of years as Evan had a few quasi-girlfriend relationships. Evan was never intimate with more than one girl at a time \endash  his relationships were always monogamous. However, Evan never labeled any of his intimate partners as official "girlfriends."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Although Evan didn't like to hurt anybody, he eventually faded out of relationships, damaging a heart or two.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Midway through her sophomore year, Evan's junior year, he began to take an interest in her. They began an intimate relationship that was the same as Patti had seen before. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Although she had seen how Evan had taken a "friends with benefits" approach in college, Patti had convinced herself that would be different with her. She lasted the longest and even met his sister Liz. She was hurt when Evan faded away over the summer when she returned home.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 It was hard for her to be angry at Evan because he never claimed to be in a relationship with her, and officially he never broke up with her because there was no official label. They faded silently back into being friends without benefits.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Until Sarah came into the picture, Patti thought that she and Evan had a chance to rekindle their relationship, even if it would only be friends with benefits.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Patti always thought that she was a perfect match for Evan. This wasn't merely the wishful thinking of a girl with a crush; it was the consensus of those who knew Patti and Evan that they would make a great couple. Even Guido thought so, although he would never say anything to Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Narrative:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::4> <!$Scr_Cs::4><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\b0\i0 Patti is both attractive and athletic, a blend of beauty queen and Ms. Congeniality. She's popular but kind, treating everyone with respect. Her warm and caring personality is complemented by her fun-loving approach to college life. She maintains good grades and enjoys the social aspects of college without being labeled a "party girl." Her relationship with Evan is complex, filled with unspoken romantic feelings, concern, and a deep friendship. Her connection to Evan's romantic past adds depth and conflict to the main storyline.}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Arc:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Patti and Evan had a "friends with benefits" relationship during her sophomore year.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 She had hoped it would pick up again at the start of her junior year \endash  maybe developing into a traditional romantic relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 She was disappointed but not overly dramatic when Evan made no effort to reconnect beyond a traditional friendship. No discussion was had, and no words were said; he just returned to being friends like they were before their intimate relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Sarah's feelings were hurt when he saw Evan was with Sarah. However, she did her best to connect with Sarah \endash  to no avail.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Her and Sarah's relationship was cordial, but no deeper bond existed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 She had a momentary feeling of deep sadness when she helped Evan tie his tie for a fundraiser he was attending with Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 She confided in Guido that she still had feelings for Evan and didn't understand what Sarah had that she didn't.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Guido did his best to console her. He encouraged her to support Evan regardless of her concerns about Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 A few of Evan's inner circle of friends were unhappy with Evan's choice of Sarah as his girlfriend. Since she was the closest to Evan and had a kind demeanor, they pressured her to confront Evan and warn him about Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Although reluctant, her confrontational friend Roxanne threatened that she would talk to Evan if Patti didn't.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Patti felt she had no choice in the matter. She expressed her and her friend's concerns about Evan ending up with a broken heart because he and Sarah were too different for the relationship to work long-term.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 After seeing Evan was committed to the relationship, regardless of how everyone else felt, she decided to put aside her concerns and support his choice of girlfriend. She realizes she needs to move on with her life and not spend more time pining over Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 However, if he and Sarah broke up, she would be there for him, and in the back of her mind, she hoped that one day it was meant to be, they would rekindle their intimate relationship and possibly grow it into something more.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}