{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan caught Joe's eye and seized the moment to lighten the atmosphere. "You know, Joe, I think it's your turn to get some attention. How about we all interrogate you for a while!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe leapt to his feet, a grin stretching across his face. "Gotta go finish carving the turkey for leftovers tomorrow!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laughter filled the room, washing away any lingering tension and replacing it with the warm glow of holiday cheer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I noticed you rubbing that adorable little pendant. I've never seen anything like that before. Is it some kind of worry stone?" Bridget's eyes twinkled as she addressed Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz chimed in, "Yes! I noticed you rubbing it earlier as well but didn't want to make you uncomfortable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's gaze swung toward Evan. "You didn't tell them about my pendant?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan shifted in his seat, averting his eyes. "Ah, it's no big deal."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Don't be embarrassed for buying your girlfriend such a cute gift, Evan." Bridget's tone was tender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's lips parted before she even had time to think. "He didn't exactly buy it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, happy the focus remained on Evan and not him, chuckled. "What did you do, Evan? Steal it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah glanced at Evan and sensed an unfamiliar awkwardness shrouding him. *Is he embarrassed? Or just modest?* She decided to take the plunge. "May I share our story?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan met the expectant gazes of his mother and sister. "Go ahead. I'm sure I'd be disowned if I said no."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Sarah recounted the tale of her pendant, something uncharacteristic happened: her voice warmed, her face lit up, and her gestures animated the air around her. In her classroom, she might be stiff and monotone, but here, her words dripped with an excitement that held her audience captive. By the time she'd reached the end of her tale, her eyes shimmered with emotion. Liz and her Mom sat with misty eyes, awed by her story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Gosh, it's so hard to believe my bratty little brother is even capable of doing something like that," Liz said, squinting at Evan. "Now's the time to come clean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe eyed Liz incredulously. "When have you ever heard Evan lie about something unless it was to protect someone's feelings?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I can name a few times," Liz retorted. "Like when he took mom's car for a joy ride in the middle of the night when she was sleeping."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled. "I was fifteen. We could swap some secrets if you're in the mood."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "No, no," Liz backpedaled, her eyes twinkling. "It was actually me who took the car that night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laughter erupted around the table again, a warm endnote to their lively discussion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah returned to the topic at hand. "Evan had it custom-made for me. The jeweler who crafted it even polished it for me recently. I guess I do use it as a comfort source."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Truly, Evan. That's a gift to be treasured," Bridget whispered, clearly touched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz shook her head in disbelief. "Who'd a thunk it? My bratty little brother is sweet as pie."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Taking advantage of the moment, Evan stood. "Speaking of pie, who's ready for some apple pie?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Despite being stuffed from dinner, everyone agreed to a thin slice of pie to sweeten their palette after a savory feast.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}