{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan caught Joe's eye and seized the moment to lighten the atmosphere.\~"You've been awfully quiet, Joe.\~I think it's your turn to get some attention.\~How about we all interrogate you for a while!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe leapt to his feet, a grin stretching across his face.\~"Gotta go finish carving the turkey for leftovers tomorrow!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Laughter filled the room, washing away any lingering tension and replacing it with the warm glow of holiday cheer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I noticed you rubbing that adorable little pendant.\~I've never seen anything like that before.\~Is it some kind of worry stone?" Bridget's eyes twinkled as she addressed Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz chimed in, "Yes! I also noticed you rubbing it earlier."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah's gaze swung toward Evan.\~"You didn't tell them about my pendant?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan shifted in his seat, averting his eyes.\~"Ah, it's no big deal."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Don't be embarrassed for buying your girlfriend such a cute gift, Evan." Bridget's tone was tender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah's lips parted before she even had time to think.\~"He didn't exactly buy it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe, happy the focus remained on Evan and not him, chuckled.\~"What did you do, Evan? Steal it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan shot him a wry smile. "You're a regular stand-up comedian, Joe. Maybe you should take your act on the road."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe smirked back, clearly enjoying the banter. "Don't tempt me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz cut in, twirling a strand of her hair around her finger as she did when she was intrigued. "Quiet, you two! What do you mean, Sarah, when you say Evan didn't exactly buy it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah felt the room's attention pivot back to her. She met Liz's gaze, and a warmth flushed over her, making her feel like she were sitting in the coziest corner of a family home she never knew she missed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah glanced at Evan and sensed an unfamiliar awkwardness shrouding him.\~*Is he embarrassed? Or just modest?* She decided to take the plunge.\~"May I share our story?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan met the expectant gazes of his mother and sister.\~"Go ahead. I'm sure I'd be disowned if I said no."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As Sarah recounted the tale of her pendant, something uncharacteristic happened: her voice warmed, her face lit up, and her gestures animated the air around\~her.\~In her classroom, she might be stiff and monotone, but here, her words dripped with an excitement that held her audience\~captive.\~Her eyes shimmered with emotion When she reached the end of her\~tale.\~Liz and her Mom sat with misty eyes, awed by her\~story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Gosh, it's so hard to believe my bratty little brother is even capable of doing something like that," Liz said, squinting at\~Evan.\~"Now's the time to come\~clean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe eyed Liz incredulously. "When have you ever heard Evan lie about something unless it was to protect someone's\~feelings?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I can name a few times,"\~Liz\~retorted.\~"Like when he took mom's car for a joy ride in the middle of the night when she was sleeping."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan chuckled. "I was fifteen.\~We could swap some secrets if you're in the mood."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "No, no," Liz backpedaled, her eyes twinkling.\~"It was actually me who took the car that night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Laughter erupted around the table again, a warm endnote to their lively discussion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah returned to the topic at hand.\~"Evan had it custom-made for me.\~The jeweler who crafted it even polished it for me recently.\~I guess I do use it as a comfort source."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Truly, Evan. That's a gift to be treasured," Bridget whispered, clearly touched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz shook her head in disbelief.\~"Who'd a thunk it? My bratty little brother is sweet as pie."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Taking advantage of the moment, Evan stood.\~"Speaking of pie, who's ready for some apple pie?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Despite being stuffed from dinner, everyone agreed to a thin slice of pie to sweeten their palette after a savory feast.}}