{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You must be Guido." Katie's voice held amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Apparently, my reputation precedes me. You seem to know about me, but I know nothing about you. Let's sit together at lunch and fix such a travesty of justice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Um. I am pretty sure my boyfriend would not approve," Katie replied, finding Guido comical and harmless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido wasn't easily dissuaded. "Hmm, a boyfriend, you say. Is it serious?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Very serious," Katie responded firmly, letting him know she was uninterested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "If you two ever break up -" Guido began, only to be interrupted by Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Never gonna happen," She said, waiving her index finger from side to side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan watched Guido wander off, a smirk playing on his lips. He turned to Katie, his eyes twinkling with amusement. "Nice job! You sent him packing in record time. I don't think I've ever seen Guido give up so easily."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie grinned, her eyes dancing with mischief. She playfully blew on her fingernails, curled her hand, and then rubbed her fingernails on her shirt, performing the theatrical expression with flair. "Well, someone has to keep him in check. Might as well be me," she retorted, her voice laced with humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed, appreciating her spirit. Together, they returned to the task at hand, their camaraderie strengthened by the shared moment of fun.}}