{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Location Profile: <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Name of the place: }{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf5 Liz's apartment<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Country:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> USA<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 State:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 City:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> Glenview<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Type of place:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> An apartment in a small apartment complex.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Climate and weather patterns:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> Typical Midwest seasonal weather<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Economic situation (rich, poor, inequality, etc.):}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> Middle-class<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Architecture style:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3> Brownstone building<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f4\fs18\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Role In Story:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz hosts a three day Christmas trip for Evan and Sarah.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Description:}{\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> (Specific to the role in the story)<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz and Joe occupied a cozy two-bedroom apartment nestled within a quaint complex in Glenview, Illinois. Comprising four four-story brownstone buildings from the mid-1900s, the complex exuded a timeless charm. Their apartment, situated on the second floor, offered a peaceful view of the meticulously maintained grounds.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 As one stepped inside, a warm and inviting ambiance enveloped the space. The open floor design seamlessly connected the kitchen, dining area, and living room, fostering a sense of unity. The kitchen, though modest, was well-equipped for culinary endeavors. Countertops adorned with festive accents held both cherished memories and the ingredients for a delightful Christmas feast.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Flowing from the dining area, the living room exuded comfort. Soft carpeting enveloped the floor throughout the open expanse, providing a cushioned foundation for gatherings. A towering Christmas tree adorned with twinkling lights and an array of ornaments stood against one wall, exuding the enchantment of the season without overwhelming the space.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sunlight poured through the windows, casting a warm glow that illuminated the room. A balcony extended from the living area, offering a glimpse of the serene surroundings. This outdoor haven featured a grill, a detail pivotal to the narrative as Joe would later prepare the holiday turkey here.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz's unwavering commitment to family and friends resonated throughout the apartment. One living room wall remained devoid of Christmas decor, instead hosting a gallery of cherished photographs capturing moments of joy, love, and togetherness. Centered on the wall was a poignant decoration that bore three words in bold lettering \endash  "Live, Laugh, Love." This sentiment served as a reminder of Liz's core values, emphasizing the significance she attributed to the bonds that defined her life.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The apartment's inviting atmosphere and expansive layout fostered an environment of connection, rendering it the perfect backdrop for the imminent Christmas Eve dinner and the following morning's present-opening festivities.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs18\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f5\fs24\b1\i0\cf6}