{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Just when Sarah thought the emotional rollercoaster had reached its final stop, Joe started shuffling around the base of the Christmas tree, his movements oddly\~deliberate.\~*What is he doing?* she wondered, feeling her gut\~tighten.\~She was still recovering from the earlier emotional outpourings, feeling exposed and\~vulnerable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Ah, what do we have here?" Joe pretended to discover something under the\~tree.\~With a suspiciously neat package in hand, he walked over to\~Liz.\~Sarah watched in slow motion as Joe dropped to one knee in front of\~her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Time itself seemed to slow. The room was dead silent except for the muted Christmas music playing in the\~background.\~Sarah felt her heart pounding, her eyes widening, as Joe looked up at Liz, his own eyes shimmering with a mix of hope and\~vulnerability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Liz, I've spent a lifetime waiting for someone like you," he said, his voice tinged with\~emotion.\~"Will you marry\~me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The room exploded into a chorus of sobs and\~gasps.\~Liz burst into tears, nodding furiously as Joe slipped the ring onto her\~finger.\~Evan wiped his eyes, the emotional armor he usually wore now completely\~shattered.\~Bridget was a crying mess, clutching a tissue to her\~face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 And then there was Sarah. Tears welled up, breaking all the dams she had built in her\~mind.\~*Screw it,* she thought. *Since I can't control it, I might as well embrace it.* And embrace it she\~did.\~Tears cascaded down her cheeks, but for the first time that day, she welcomed\~them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As Liz and Joe shared their tearful kiss, Sarah allowed herself to revel in the\~moment.\~The pure, uninhibited joy. In the short time she'd known Liz, she had grown incredibly fond of\~her.\~This was a woman who had opened her home to Sarah, who had treated Evan like a son, and who had just given her something precious--a\~family.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah felt grateful, humbled, and profoundly connected to everyone in that\~room.\~She had lost her battle against her tears, but in that surrender, she found something much more\~valuable:\~a sense of belonging, of unconditional love, and a newfound appreciation for the messy but beautiful tapestry of human\~emotion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 After the emotional intensity of Joe's proposal and acceptance, the room shifted to a quieter, more contented buzz. Congratulatory hugs were exchanged, hands were shaken, and cheerful chatter filled the room. Liz floated over to Sarah, her ring glittering in the light. "Look at this beauty, would you?" Liz whispered, holding out her hand so Sarah could get a close-up view. "Isn't it just perfect?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah grinned, admiring the ring. "Absolutely stunning, Liz. He did good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just as everyone seemed to settle into this new, happy reality, Sarah's voice pierced the warm ambiance. "I just have one question."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Every eye turned her way, tension momentarily building again. Perhaps she was about to ask something serious, something related to the life-altering moment that had just occurred?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah grinned mischievously. "I'm dying to know. What the heck is the name of this movie we're going to watch?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room erupted into laughter. Evan, Liz, and Bridget burst out in unison, unable to hold back their chuckles. Joe, however, buried his face in his hands, shaking his head from side to side. He had been secretly hoping that the grandiosity of his proposal would spare him another viewing of the infamous film.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, Bridget, and Evan exchanged glances and then, in perfect unison, declared, "White Christmas."<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}