{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red0\green149\blue223;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>I am an amateur writer, writing the first novella in a series. The first book covers the back story. Will you help me write the scenes for this romance novella?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 I have a plot outline, detailed character profiles, and detail scene descriptions. But first I will give me the summary information. Does that work for you?<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title: }{\f2\fs32\b1\i0 Book 1: The College Days}
\par\plain {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Genre: }{\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf1 Romance}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Plot Summary:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 For two seniors, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn, their first semester at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign is underway. They've never met, as their social circles don't intersect. Evan, a charismatic, athletic young man, commands popularity not by choice but by virtue of his outgoing personality. Despite his natural allure, he remains grounded thanks to the guidance from his saintly sister, Liz, treating everyone with kindness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan isn't the most diligent student, preferring the outdoors to the confines of classrooms and libraries. However, to uphold a promise to Liz, he's striving for a minimum GPA of 3.0. As he enters his senior year, his grades are teetering on this threshold, and he is compelled to trade Frisbee games for study sessions at the undergrad library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Contrastingly, Sarah is a stellar student, poised to graduate at the top of her class. As a business major and teaching assistant, she considers the library her sanctuary, often losing herself in riveting audio seminars, like one on international business strategies. One day, engrossed in her seminar, she realizes she's running late for a class she's teaching. In her rush, she neglects her surroundings and dashes towards a flight of stairs without a handrail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, heading her way, spots the impending accident. He calls out to her, but she doesn't hear him. He dashes to intercept her before she reaches the stairs, catching her just in time. This unexpected encounter leads to a spontaneous, passionate kiss. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, brought up with a single-minded focus on academics and preparing to take over her father's business, has little experience with romance. She had sworn off any romantic entanglements until she completed her Master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s degree and embarked on her professional journey. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In a whirlwind, Sarah leaves without providing Evan her name or contact. Later, Evan manages to track her down, returning a pair of glasses she had left behind and charming her into taking a break at the food court. Despite her initial hesitation, she gives in to Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s allure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their encounter at the food court leaves Sarah questioning herself as she witnesses Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s popularity, especially among the female students. Feeling out of place, she retreats, but Evan convinces her to agree to a date. Uncertain about dating norms, Sarah enlists the help of one of her top students, Katie, to modernize her look and prep her for the date. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 During their date, Sarah proposes a business-like arrangement with Evan, setting rules and expectations and prioritizing her academics. Evan, who has been smitten since their first encounter, happily agrees. As they continue to see each other, Sarah allows herself to experience romance and affection, while Evan becomes a better student with Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s help. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their senior year unfolds beautifully. Sarah expands her social circle, and Evan lands a good job in Chicago. As graduation approaches, however, Sarah grapples with her future choices \endash  Ivy League schools for her Master's or staying with Evan. Unbeknownst to her, Evan plans to propose at the graduation party, inviting her parents for the surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, who has downplayed the seriousness of their relationship to her parents, is taken aback by Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s proposal. She fears disappointing her father by deviating from her initial plan. Following the party, her father presents her with two choices \endash  follow Evan to Chicago and build a life there, or stick to the original plan of pursuing her Master's and eventually joining her father\u8217\'92s business. If she chooses Evan, her father will cut off financial support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah is torn between her love for Evan and her commitment to her father. Despite the complexities, her heart prevails, and she chooses to build a life with Evan in Chicago. Bittersweet Vows. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 While all indications are the happy couple is excited and ready to start a life together, all may not be as it seems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After a quick marriage ceremony, and Sarah and Evan are officially married, Sarah retreats to the lady\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s restroom. Stonefaced, she stares at herself in the mirror and asks herself, "Oh my god. What have I done!?"}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Plot Twist:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Because this is the first book in a series, this first book ends in a Love on a Precipice, not a happy end resolution that is typical of romance novels.}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Characters:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 Evan Vaughn: <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Protagonist and lead male love interest.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan Vaughn is a charismatic and athletic young man, effortlessly commanding popularity with his outgoing personality. Despite his natural allure, he remains grounded thanks to the guidance and influence of his beloved sister, Liz, treating everyone with kindness. While not the most diligent student, Evan strives to maintain a minimum GPA of 3.0 as a promise to Liz. His encounters with Sarah Wilkins lead to a whirlwind romance that challenges both his academic focus and his heart's desires.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Sarah Wilkins:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Protagonist and lead female love interest.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah Wilkins is a woman of elegance and sophistication, with steely blue-gray eyes that reflect her determination and ambition. Devoted to her professional success, she exudes confidence and intelligence, yet her guarded and distant demeanor masks a vulnerability that she only reveals to a select few, including her ex-husband Evan and his sister Liz. Throughout her journey, Sarah grapples with the conflict between her ambitious dreams and her longing for a meaningful romantic relationship, ultimately finding strength in prioritizing her independence and embracing her true self.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Guido:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s best friend.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido, also known as Anthony Moretti, is Evan Vaughn's charismatic and flashy best friend. With his Italian heritage, bold personality, and outgoing demeanor, Guido embraces his "bad boy" image and lives life on his terms. He is fiercely loyal to his friends and would do anything to protect and support them. Guido's love for weight training, sports, and gambling adds excitement to his life, and his witty wisecracks often provide comic relief. Despite his carefree attitude, Guido's guarded nature and fear of being controlled make him a complex and intriguing character in the novel.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Liz Vaughn:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Evan\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s sister.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz Vaughn is a compassionate and nurturing individual, embodying the Sage archetype with her wisdom and motherly care. Though she doesn't appear in the novel, her presence looms large in the life of the protagonist, Evan. As his older sister, mentor, and surrogate mother, Liz plays a vital role in shaping Evan's character and supporting him through life's challenges. Her unyielding love and guidance help transform Evan from a resentful child into a respected and admired man. Despite the absence of her physical presence in the story, the bond between Liz and Evan remains unbreakable, and her influence is felt throughout his journey.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Katie Andrews:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Sarah's student responsible for Sarah's pre-date makeover.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie Andrews is an eighteen-year-old business freshman at the University of Illinois, exuding a bubbly and friendly personality that endears her to others instantly. With her vibrant pink hair and casual, modern fashion sense, she perfectly embodies the carefree life of a college coed. As an ENFP, she genuinely cares for those around her and is always ready to lend a helping hand. When Sarah, her teacher assistant, seeks assistance with a makeover for her date with Evan, Katie eagerly steps in, forming a heartwarming bond and showcasing her caring and nurturing nature. Despite not having a car, Katie's adventurous spirit shines, making her a cherished and influential character in the story.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Nicole Jenkins:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Hairstylist assigned to Sarah's pre-date hair makeover.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole Jenkins, a 28-year-old hairstylist from Central Illinois, exudes a captivating blend of creativity and wisdom. Her hazel eyes and long, wavy brown hair add to her friendly and approachable demeanor. Standing at 5'7" with a curvaceous body, Nicole's vibrant personality shines through her role as a renowned hairstylist, not only known for her skill but also her ability to connect with her clients on a deeper level. As a confidante and mentor, Nicole plays a pivotal role in the novel, guiding Sarah through a transformative pre-date session that goes beyond just hair, sparking a newfound desire for romantic exploration.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Jack Wilkins:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Sarah's father who gives Sarah an ultimatum \endash  work for him or build a life with Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Jack Wilkins is a tall and slender man in his mid-60s, with piercing blue eyes and distinguished gray hair, bearing a striking resemblance to actor James Cromwell. Raised on a farm in central Illinois, he learned the value of hard work and determination from an early age. With an entrepreneurial spirit, he started his own business at a young age and watched it grow into a successful multimillion-dollar enterprise. Jack is a pragmatic and no-nonsense individual, displaying love and support for his daughter, Sarah, in his own unique way, preparing her to take the reins of the family business. Though not one to express emotions openly, his actions reveal a devoted and caring father, determined to equip Sarah for the challenges of the world.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Mildred Wilkins:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Sarah's mother and Jack's supportive wife}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Mildred Wilkins, in her mid-60s, exudes a timeless grace and elegance. Her captivating blue eyes mirror the depth of her caring nature. With a slender figure and a height of 5'6", she carries herself with serene confidence. Born in central Illinois, Mildred's life changed when she met Jack in high school, embarking on a devoted journey as his wife and mother to their daughter, Sarah. Her presence brings a gentle grounding force to their family dynamic, and her unwavering love and support enrich the lives of those around her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}