{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah sat on the plush couch of her apartment, her legs folded beneath her. Katie lounged beside her, absorbed in the minute details of the promise ring that Sarah extended for inspection. It was a simple, unadorned band of thin gold, yet it held a discreet elegance. Light bounced off its surface in quiet glimmers, echoing its subtle significance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "It's beautiful, Sarah, but what does it mean to you? What does it mean for you and Evan?" Katie asked, looking from the ring to Sarah's face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan. Yesterday was magic, but what does a promise ring mean for us in the long term?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As if on cue, the sound of her phone ringing cut through her thoughts. Sarah glanced at the screen and felt her stomach drop\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Dad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Oh God, I knew this would happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She turned the phone so Katie could see the caller ID. "It's my dad. I have to take this in my bedroom."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's fingers trembled as she closed her bedroom door behind her, gripping her phone like a lifeline. She steadied herself before tapping the green answer button. "Hi, Dad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sarah, explain the promise ring from Evan," her dad's voice cut through the silence, the authority in his tone undeniable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah sat on the edge of her bed, its comfort doing little to assuage her rising anxiety. "It's a symbolic gesture, Dad. Nothing more."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>She thought, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>It's so much more. Evan means more.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her father's sigh resonated through the line, steeped in disapproval. "A 'symbolic gesture' is a distraction, Sarah. You have too much to lose."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Too much to lose, or too much to gain?<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Summoning courage, Sarah pushed back, "I've got scholarship offers lined up, Dad, including an Ivy League. I'm scheduling campus tours. My academic life is on track."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Please, let's not delve deeper.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Your academics have never been my concern," he replied, undeterred. "It's your judgement I question."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah felt a cold wave crash over her, tightening her chest. "My judgment is fine."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Is it? Evan's promise ring says otherwise.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her mom chimed in, "What do you feel for this boy, Sarah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The silence was oppressive, a vice tightening around Sarah's heart. She finally mustered, "Evan and I understand our relationship. We know where it's headed."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>We don't know. We've never discussed it, and that terrifies me.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Understanding implies a mutual agreement on priorities. Has that been clarified?" her dad questioned, challenging her yet again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah hesitated. "We're both focused on our futures, Dad. We're not losing sight of our goals."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Except I've never been more unsure.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You're speaking in uncertainties. Don't let ephemeral emotions derail your future." The weight of her father's words felt like an anchor pulling her down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I won't, Dad," she said, almost pleading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Marcus Chamberlain spoke highly of you. He was impressed with your dedication to philanthropy. You have a track record of excellence, Sarah. Don't compromise it."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>I've already compromised it, the moment I fell for Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her father's voice sharpened. "When is the deadline to commit to a college?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Mid-April," she answered, her voice almost a whisper. "There's time."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Time for what? To make the biggest mistake of my life, or to give up what might be the best thing that ever happened to me?<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He paused, and for a moment Sarah thought she might have convinced him. Then he spoke, his words calculated and stern. "You have obligations, Sarah, to your future and to yourself. When the dust settles, you better have made the right choices."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The line went dead. Sarah sat there, her eyes stinging, the phone still pressed to her ear, and the ring--its weight both light and impossibly heavy--gleaming on her finger.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>What's the right choice when everything feels so wrong?<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}