{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah and Katie returned to the worksite, their car packed with plenty of food and beverages to serve the dozens of volunteers. A scent of fresh bread permeated the air. The moment the doors and trunk were opened, it amplified the aroma, eliciting a cheerful murmur from the crowd gathered at the picnic tables underneath the expansive outdoor tent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's heart swelled with anticipation as he and Guido headed to the car to help deliver the food. Their hands were poised and ready to serve, and their minds were sharp with the thrill of camaraderie. A moment later, a licensed handyman approached Sarah with an expression of concern on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I hate to interrupt your lunch, Sarah. But we have a potential fire hazard at one of the houses we are working on. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only a few miles away. I can't find Marcus anywhere, and I need someone in authority to approve the work we must do to resolve the situation. Can you help me out here?" he pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah's relief was palpable as she replied, "Of course, I'll help. Just let me finish getting the food to the volunteers." Her desire to escape from the awkward lunch was like a second wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Wanting to support Sarah, Evan interjected, "We got this, Sarah. You go deal with the emergency; we'll save some food for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 With a smile and a quick nod of thanks, Sarah and the handyman were off, leaving Katie in charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Hey there, little lady. I don't believe we've officially met." Guido's eyes sparkled mischievously as he addressed Katie, a cocky smile dancing on his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "You must be Guido." Katie's voice was tinged with amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Apparently, my reputation precedes me. You seem to know all about me, but I know nothing about you. Let's sit together at lunch and fix such a travesty of justice." Guido's offer was almost theatrical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Um. I am pretty sure my boyfriend would not approve." Katie was not intimidated, finding Guido more comical than threatening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Hmm, a boyfriend, you say. Is it serious?" Guido's eyes narrowed, a sly smile refusing to leave his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Very serious." Katie's stern look sent a clear message, but Guido wasn't quite ready to give up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "If you two ever break up -" he began, only to be interrupted by Evan's playful push, hard enough for Guido to lose a little balance but not fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Quit screwing around, Guido. We've got people to feed." Evan's voice held an edge of firm authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The trio carried the food to the tent area, their feet crunching over the open grassy field. The bright white canopy gleamed under the high midday sun, casting a cool shade beneath its shelter. The wooden surfaces of the picnic tables were adorned with cheerful red-checkered tablecloths that fluttered in the gentle breeze. A sense of camaraderie and hope was in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 After everyone was served, Evan and Katie found themselves sitting on either side of a 14-year-old volunteer named Diego. The boy's eyes were curious and intelligent, his hair a wild tangle, and his smile infectious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Diego, this is Katie." Evan's voice was warm, proud even.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's eyes lit up at the sight of Katie's pink hair, and he extended his hand eagerly. "Is she your girlfriend?" The question was adorable and naive, and both Katie and Evan chuckled at the way he asked it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "No, she is my girlfriend's good friend." Evan's tone was teasing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Evan's girlfriend is Sarah, the boss lady. Have you met her yet?" Katie's voice was kind, her smile inviting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego shook his head no, a massive bite of his sandwich momentarily stealing his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's eyes softened as he shared Diego's story with Katie. How the boy had ridden his bike, spotted the volunteers, and without being asked, had started to help. Diego's story resonated with Evan; it was like a mirror reflecting his own past. The similarity in their family backgrounds, the absentee father, and the strong single mothers shaped their lives. Diego's unasked generosity was a beacon of hope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's chatter filled the mealtime, his words spilling over one another in a rush of excitement. He talked about his mom, his sister, his friends, and his pet dog. Evan and Katie listened, entranced, the child's enthusiasm infectious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 When it was time to head back to work, Evan's voice held a touch of }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D7BBC2C9-0638-456C-B79E-B46D2D4B6DD2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0 regret}}{\f0\fs28\b0 . "You ready to get back to work, Diego?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Sure thing, boss." Diego's reply was humorously formal, earning chuckles from both Katie and Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As they worked together to clear the tables, Evan's mind wandered. He was enjoying this experience far more than he ever thought. Diego reminded him of himself at that age, and the bond they shared felt like family. The presence of the young boy sparked something within Evan, a daydream of marrying Sarah, of starting a family. The idea settled in his heart, warming him from the inside out, a spark that promised to kindle into a flame.}}