{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah and Katie pulled into the work site, the car packed with food and beverages. Evan and Guido were on hand to help, and the volunteers, hungry from their morning's work, waited eagerly at the picnic tables.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 But no sooner had they begun to unload than a licensed handyman interrupted, urgency in his voice. "I hate to interrupt your lunch, Sarah. But we have a potential fire hazard at one of the houses we are working on. It's only a few miles away. I need someone in authority to approve the work we must do to resolve the situation. Can you help me out here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah's eyes flickered, and a brief look of relief crossed her face. She'd always felt awkward among the field volunteers, out of place in their boisterous camaraderie. "Of course, I'll help. Just let me finish getting the food to the volunteers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "We got this, Sarah. You go deal with the emergency. We'll save some food for you," Evan reassured her, his voice full of understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 With a grateful nod, Sarah departed, leaving Katie, Evan, and Guido to distribute the lunch. Guido's eyes sparkled mischievously as he addressed Katie, "Hey there, little lady. I don't believe we've officially met."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "You must be Guido." Katie's voice held amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido flashed a cocky smile. "Apparently, my reputation precedes me. You seem to know all about me, but I know nothing about you. Let's sit together at lunch and fix such a travesty of justice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Um. I am pretty sure my boyfriend would not approve," Katie replied, her eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Hmm, a boyfriend, you say. Is it serious?" Guido persisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Very serious," Katie answered, firm yet gentle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido started to reply, but Evan playfully pushed his shoulder. "Quit screwing around, Guido. We've got people to feed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 They carried the food to the tent area, and the laughter and conversation of the volunteers and families filled the air as they sat down to eat. The vibrant scene was a testament to community spirit, alive with the hope of renewal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan and Katie found themselves sitting beside Diego, a fourteen-year-old volunteer, eyes full of curiosity and a grin that spoke of youthful exuberance. Evan had taken him under his wing earlier that morning, and the bond between them had quickly deepened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Diego, this is Katie," Evan introduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Is she your girlfriend?" Diego asked, eyes wide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "No, she's my girlfriend's good friend," Evan answered, sharing a chuckle with Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Evan's girlfriend is Sarah, the boss lady. Have you met her yet?" Katie added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego shook his head, his mouth full of sandwich, and Evan filled Katie in on Diego's story. How he'd been riding his bike, how he'd decided to volunteer, and how his background mirrored Evan's own. There was something in Diego's spirit that resonated with Evan, something pure and unselfish that stirred a deeper understanding of his own path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Lunch continued, filled with laughter, stories, and the simple joy of companionship. Diego was a chatterbox, and Katie and Evan delighted in his enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Finally, it was time to return to work. "You ready to get back to work, Diego?" Evan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Sure thing, boss." Diego's voice was light, teasing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 They cleared the tables, and as Katie wandered off to find something to clean with, Evan's mind drifted to thoughts of family, of Sarah, and of a future filled with love and purpose. Diego had touched something profound within him, igniting a spark that he knew would guide him forward. Diego felt like family, like the brother he never had, and in that moment, he saw the path he was meant to take, a path of giving, of connecting, of making a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The laughter of the volunteers drifted on the breeze, a gentle reminder of the power of community, of friendship, and of the bonds that tie us all together.}}