{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah and Katie pulled into the work site, the car packed with food and beverages. Evan and Guido were on hand to help, and the volunteers, hungry from their morning's work, waited eagerly at the picnic tables.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 But no sooner had they begun to unload than a licensed handyman interrupted, urgency in his voice. "I hate to interrupt your lunch, Sarah. But we have a potential fire hazard at one of the houses we are working on. It's only a few miles away. I need someone in authority to approve the work needed to resolve the situation. Can you help me out here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah's eyes flickered, and a brief look of relief crossed her face. She'd always felt awkward among the field volunteers, out of place in their boisterous camaraderie. "Of course, I'll help. Just let me finish getting the food to the volunteers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "We got this, Sarah. You go deal with the emergency. We'll save some food for you," Evan reassured her, his voice full of understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 With a grateful nod, Sarah departed, leaving Katie, Evan, and Guido to distribute the lunch. Guido's eyes sparkled mischievously as he addressed Katie, "Hey there, little lady. I don't believe we've officially met."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "You must be Guido." Katie's voice held amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Apparently, my reputation precedes me. You seem to know about me, but I know nothing about you. Let's sit together at lunch and fix such a travesty of justice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Um. I am pretty sure my boyfriend would not approve," Katie replied, finding Guido comical and harmless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido wasn't easily dissuaded. "Hmm, a boyfriend, you say. Is it serious?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Very serious," Katie responded firmly, letting him know she was uninterested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "If you two ever break up -" Guido began, only to be interrupted by Evan, who pushed his shoulder firmly. This was Evan's way of telling Guido enough is enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Quit screwing around, Guido. We've got people to feed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The trio carried the food to the tent area, their feet crunching over the open grassy field. The bright white canopy gleamed under the high midday sun, casting a cool shade beneath its shelter. The wooden surfaces of the picnic tables were adorned with cheerful red-checkered tablecloths that fluttered in the gentle breeze. A sense of camaraderie and hope was in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As the aroma of sandwiches and chips mingled with the crisp fall air, Katie and Evan settled on either side of a new face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a young, 14-year-old volunteer named Diego. His presence had been an unexpected addition to the crew, the result of his own initiative. Evan saw a kindred spirit in the boy, a reflection of his younger self\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no father figure, no brothers, and a determination to make a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego had a mop of unruly, dark hair that seemed to dance with every step he took. His expressive brown eyes carried a spark of curiosity and energy that was infectious. He had a wiry build, evidence of his youth and the active lifestyle he led. Dressed in faded jeans and a worn T-shirt adorned with a superhero emblem, he exuded an air of youthful determination and innocence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's heart warmed at the sight of Diego, a sense of kinship blossoming within him. He had taken Diego under his wing earlier that morning, and their shared labor had been a bonding experience\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a connection forged amidst the debris and the promise of renewal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Diego, this is Katie," Evan introduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Is she your girlfriend?" Diego asked, eyes wide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "No, she's my girlfriend's good friend," Evan answered, sharing a chuckle with Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Evan's girlfriend is Sarah, the boss lady. Have you met her yet?" Katie added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego shook his head, his mouth full of sandwich, and Evan filled Katie in on Diego's story. How he'd been riding his bike, how he'd decided to volunteer, and how his family background mirrored Evan's own. There was something in Diego's spirit that resonated with Evan, something pure and unselfish that stirred a deeper understanding of his own path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Lunch continued, filled with laughter, stories, and the simple joy of companionship. Diego was a chatterbox, and Katie and Evan delighted in his enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Finally, it was time to return to work. "You ready to get back to work, Diego?" Evan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Sure thing, boss." Diego's voice was light, teasing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 They cleared the tables, and as Katie wandered off to find something to clean with, Evan's mind drifted to thoughts of family, of Sarah, and of a future filled with love and purpose. Diego had touched something profound within him, igniting a spark that he knew would guide him forward. Diego felt like family, like the brother he never had, and in that moment, he saw the path he was meant to take, a path of giving, of connecting, of making a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The seeds of a lifelong commitment to helping others had been planted in Evan's heart, sparked by a chance encounter with a young boy and a shared desire to make a difference.}}