{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah and Katie pulled into the work site, the car packed with food and beverages. Evan and Guido were on hand to help, and the volunteers, hungry from their morning's work, waited eagerly at the picnic tables.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 But no sooner had they begun to unload than a licensed handyman interrupted, urgency in his voice}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>. "I hate to interrupt your lunch, Sarah. But we have a potential fire hazard at one of the houses we are working on. It's only a few miles away. I need someone in authority to approve the work needed to resolve the situation. Can you help me out here?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah's eyes flickered, and a brief look of relief crossed her face. She'd always felt awkward among the field volunteers, out of place in their boisterous camaraderie. "Of course, I'll help. Just let me finish getting the food to the volunteers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"We got this, Sarah. You go deal with the emergency. We'll save some food for you,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Evan reassured her, his voice full of understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 With a grateful nod, Sarah departed, leaving Katie, Evan, and Guido to distribute the lunch. Guido's eyes sparkled mischievously as he addressed Katie, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Hey there, little lady. I don't believe we've officially met."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "You must be Guido."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Katie's voice held amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Apparently, my reputation precedes me. You seem to know about me, but I know nothing about you. Let's sit together at lunch and fix such a travesty of justice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "Um, I'm pretty sure my boyfriend would not approve," <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0 Katie replied, finding Guido comical and harmless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido wasn't easily dissuaded. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Hmm, a boyfriend, you say. Is it serious?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "Very serious,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Katie responded firmly, letting him know she was uninterested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"If you two ever break up -"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Guido began, only to be interrupted by Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Never gonna happen," <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0 she said, waving her index finger from side to side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan watched Guido wander off, a smirk playing on his lips. He turned to Katie, his eyes twinkling with amusement. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Nice job! You sent him packing in record time. I don't think I've ever seen Guido give up so easily."<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Katie grinned, her eyes dancing with mischief. She playfully blew on her fingernails, curled her hand, and then rubbed her fingernails on her shirt, performing the theatrical expression with flair. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Well, someone has to keep him in check. Might as well be me,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  she retorted, her voice laced with humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan laughed, appreciating her spirit. Together, they returned to the task at hand, their camaraderie strengthened by the shared moment of fun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The trio carried the food to the tent area, their feet crunching over the open grassy field. The bright white canopy gleamed under the high midday sun, casting a cool shade beneath its shelter. The wooden surfaces of the picnic tables were adorned with cheerful red-checkered tablecloths that fluttered in the gentle breeze. A sense of camaraderie and hope was in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As the aroma of sandwiches and chips mingled with the crisp fall air, Katie and Evan settled on either side of a new face--a young, 14-year-old volunteer named Diego. His presence had been an unexpected addition to the crew, the result of his own initiative. Evan saw a kindred spirit in the boy with a determination to make a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego had a mop of unruly, dark hair that seemed to dance with every step he took. His expressive brown eyes carried a spark of curiosity and energy that was infectious. He had a wiry build, evidence of his youth and the active lifestyle he led. Dressed in faded jeans and a worn T-shirt adorned with a superhero emblem, he exuded an air of youthful determination and innocence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's heart warmed at the sight of Diego, a sense of kinship blossoming within him. He had taken Diego under his wing earlier that morning, and their shared labor had been a bonding experience--a connection forged amidst the debris and the promise of renewal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Diego, this is Katie," <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0 Evan introduced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Is she your girlfriend?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Diego asked, eyes wide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"No, she's my girlfriend's good friend,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Evan answered, sharing a chuckle with Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Evan's girlfriend is Sarah, the boss lady. Have you met her yet?" <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0 Katie added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego shook his head, a grin spreading across his face as he chewed on his sandwich. Evan leaned closer to Katie, his eyes shining with admiration as he shared Diego's story. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"He was riding his bike, just cruising around the neighborhood, when he saw us all working here. Instead of passing by like most kids would, he decided to join in,"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Evan explained, his voice filled with pride.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Katie's eyes widened as she glanced at Diego, seeing him in a new light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As Evan looked at Diego, something deeper stirred within him. He saw in Diego a reflection of his younger self, a mirror image of a similar family background with an absentee father and a mother struggling to make ends meet. This connection was unspoken yet understood between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Katie watched Evan's face, touched by the connection he felt with Diego. Evan turned back to the young volunteer, his face breaking into a wide smile. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Can you believe that, Katie? His apartment building wasn't even touched by the tornado. Yet here he is, spending his Saturday helping those who were not so fortunate, and he didn't even have to be asked. Diego, you're the man, dude!" <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0 Evan exclaimed, reaching over to high-five Diego.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's face lit up, his eyes sparkling with joy as he returned the gesture, clearly thrilled by Evan's praise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As they continued to chat, Diego's liveliness and hunger for life (and sandwiches) filled Evan and Katie with warmth. The conversation flowed effortlessly, Diego's tales of his mom, sisters, friends, and pet dog painting a vivid picture of his life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Finally, it was time to return to work. "}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>You ready to get back to work, Diego?"<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0  Evan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>"Sure thing, boss." <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0 Diego's voice was light, teasing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 They cleared the tables, and as Katie wandered off to find something to clean with, Evan's mind drifted to thoughts of family, of Sarah, and of a future filled with love and purpose. Diego had touched something profound within him, igniting a spark that he knew would guide him forward. Diego felt like family, like the brother he never had, and in that moment, he saw the path he was meant to take, a path of giving, of connecting, of making a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 The seeds of a lifelong commitment to helping others had been planted in Evan's heart, sparked by a chance encounter with a young teen and a shared desire to make a difference.}}