{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah burst out from the library, her earbuds plugged in, humming a tune against the pulse of her frantic heartbeat. The sun gleamed on the imposing facade of the Undergrad Library, its shadow stretched over the vast concrete expanse, a staircase carving its way through. The steps, devoid of railings, dropped like a challenge, a trap for those lost in thoughts and not in step with their surroundings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was there, observing from a distance, his eyes following this hurried woman who seemed so engrossed in her world that the reality of the treacherous stairs eluded her. He had never seen her before. She was a stranger, yet something within him stirred. An impromptu hero for the lady in the skirt suit who, he suspected, was about to tumble down the stairs. "Hey, lady in the skirt suit!" he bellowed. The call echoed, turning heads, but not the one it intended to reach. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a leap of faith, he sprinted towards her, his heart pounding against his ribs, each step fueled by a desperate need to avert the impending accident. He reached her just as she stepped into the air above the stairs, catching her in a saving grasp. The force of her pace turned their collision into an impromptu dance, her body swaying around in his grip, a briefcase, a purse, papers, a spectacle flying as if an invisible audience had just applauded their performance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She found herself dipped back, held securely in his arms, her face tilted upward. Her glasses and barrette fell away, revealing a youthful face that contradicted her professional attire. For a moment, Evan was lost in her eyes, the world around them blurring into irrelevance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I feel like I should kiss you," he murmured, pulling her closer. She met his gaze, a soft smile curving her lips, "I am not going to stop you." Their lips met in a passionate exchange that seemed to freeze time, their world reduced to the feel of each other's lips.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan helped Sarah to her feet after their impromptu kiss. Reality seemed to surge back with full force as she noticed the scattered remnants of her belongings. She panicked, scampering to gather her things, aided by Evan. He asked for her name, to which she responded, flustered, "I have to go. I'm late!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan chuckled, his eyes twinkling with amusement. "That's a strange name."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She missed the jest, her mind too preoccupied. With one last look at him, she darted away, leaving behind her broken glasses in her hasty exit. Evan picked them up, waving them high in the air as he called out for her, but she was already gone. The thought of chasing her flashed in his mind but quickly receded. A man chasing a woman across a college campus? That wouldn't be a good look. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 So, with a chuckle and her glasses in his hand, he watched her disappearing figure. The day was still sunny, the scene outside the library returning to its usual hustle, but for Evan, the air felt charged with the promise of something more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 [The author's style used in this scene: Suzanne Collins' style emphasizes the use of action-packed sequences, subtle humor, romantic moments, and vivid imagery to immerse the reader in the story. In this scene, the author's style is reflected through the frantic pacing, the humorous undertones in the dialogue and situations, the evocative description of the surroundings, and the deep romantic moment shared between the characters.]}}