{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah Preps Evan<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In a private storage room, Sarah briefs Evan for an upcoming fundraiser, exuding a mix of enthusiasm and worry. She urges him to be mindful, especially around her boss, Marcus Chamberlain, who looks like Morgan Freeman. Her instructions, imbued with belief in Evan and anxiety about the night, set the scene for what seems to be a memorable event.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene follows the last scene, where Evan is waiting at the open bar in the grand ballroom, talking to the bartender, Jenni,  while Sarah finishes checking that everything is going as planned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The previous scene ended with Jenni serving Sarah a glass of wine and giving Evan a gentle hug.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> The Grand Ballroom at the Grandeur Hotel<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>7 PM to 10 PM<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Various philanthropists at the event<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Nervous, Excited, Optimistic<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Busy, Excited<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Clothing:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan wore a well-fitted charcoal gray suit, a smart choice that looked more expensive than its cost. The jacket's subtle lines and single-breasted design complemented his build. Underneath, he wore a soft blue dress shirt that added a touch of sophistication. His maroon tie, adorned with a modern and appealing pattern, provided a stylish contrast, adding flair and sophistication to his ensemble. The outfit was finished with polished black leather shoes, laced perfectly. Though purchased on a budget, the suit gave Evan a refined appearance, suitable for the elegant fundraiser event. It was a visual testament to his effort to fit into Sarah's world.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah's dress was a vibrant turquoise evening gown, tailored to accentuate her grace. The luxurious silk blend shimmered in the ballroom's light, while a fitted bodice with a modest sweetheart neckline adorned with intricate lace added a touch of elegance. A thin diamond belt highlighted her slender figure, leading to a flowing chiffon skirt. The back featured a tasteful keyhole opening, fastened with a delicate button, and a gentle train. Simple diamond studs and a silver bracelet completed her ensemble, reflecting her strong yet graceful personality, perfect for navigating the upscale event.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi14\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Begin the scene with Evan and Sarah complimenting each other on their appearance. I have provided a clothing description that should be used in this scene at the beginning. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ After Evan and Sarah exchanged compliments, she grabbed her glass of wine from the bar. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Middle:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Come on, Evan. Let's go talk somewhere privately."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan followed Sarah to a small storage room located behind the coat check room.  ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ She closed the door behind them. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Is this the make-out room?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ He said with the energy of a teenager in love as he leaned in for a kiss. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ Sarah spoke In a low voice close to a whisper. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  "Not here. This is my work. We have to keep a professional." }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan was not bothered at all by Sarah's comment. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Why are we whispering? There's no one here."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah laughed before speaking at a normal volume level.]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "I have no idea."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ They both laughed. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "I brought you back here because I wanted to prep you for the fundraiser. I should've done this earlier, but I just got so busy."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Prep away!"}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Well, first, tell me how you're feeling. Are you nervous?"}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "I was extremely nervous when I left my apartment. I decided to call Liz on the two-hour drive to Chicago. She reminded me that no matter how wealthy or sophisticated a person is, they still put on the pants one leg at a time. They still sneeze, burp, cough, cry, and laugh. She also told me that, most importantly, rich or poor, the best people prioritize authenticity. If they don't like me for who I am, then I should simply, as Liz calls it, 'exit gracefully.'"  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "And that's all it took to calm your nerves?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan, ever the comic. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Well, that and a little help from my friend Jack Daniels that your bartender introduced me to." }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah and Evan both laughed. Then Sarah got her serious business look on her face. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "This fundraising event is for the nonprofit 'Home Is Where the Heart Is.' It was founded by a very wealthy businessman and gentleman named Marcus Chamberlain \endash  think Morgan Freeman's twin brother."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  "Gotcha!"}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "This is the third event I've organized for him. I like working for him because he's not a jerk and gives me the autonomy to do the job right. He is quite distinguished, so be on your best behavior around him."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan repeats the critical components of words to help him remember. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Marcus Chamberlain, Home Is Where the Heart Is, best behavior."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  "What will the funds raised tonight be used for?"}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Home Is Where the Heart Is provides funds and volunteers to help low-income families rehab homes in disrepair. They also help rebuild uninsured or underinsured homes lost due to fire or natural disaster."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Wow! Those are good causes."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Yes, it is. I hope to top last year's record for this annual fundraising event."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Who else do I need to know about? The bartender said I may have to defend you against some salacious wolves?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[Evan humorously jumped into a boxer\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s pose with his dukes held high, causing Sarah to laugh. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "Just having you by my side will spook them away. It will be nice not to have to deal with them for once."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>[ Sarah looked at her watch. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 "We're out of time. Look, do your best. Don't be offended or surprised if a bunch of people try to get you to donate money. Since no one knows you, they may think you're a trust fund kid and see you as fresh meat."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  "Can I get a kiss before we head out into the den of wolves?"}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>[ For reasons unknown to Evan but he finds amusing, he sees Sarah look left then right in a small room with a closed door. He thinks she's being a bit paranoid. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6  "Alight, one quick kiss, that's it."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>[ Sarah leaned in, and true to her word Evan got a quick kiss, and that was it. ]<!$Scr_Cs::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi-360\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>End: <!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah opened the door, peeked her head out, and looked both ways. With the coast clear, she and Evan walked down the hall toward The Grand Ballroom. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 [ As they reached the edge of the grand ballroom, illuminated by the soft glow of crystal chandeliers and filled with the murmur of elegant conversations, Evan turned to Sarah with an air of traditional gallantry. His eyes met hers, and with a slight, gentlemanly bow, he extended his arm toward her. Understanding the timeless gesture, Sarah gracefully slipped her arm into his, allowing her hand to rest just above his elbow. With arms interlocked, they ventured into the mystery of the evening ahead. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::8>Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Earlier chapter, we see that Sarah is a bit uptight. She's too nervous to make out with Evan in the storage room and worries about his interaction with her boss, Marcus Chamberlain.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Note that by the end of the chapter, Sarah is no longer uptight and realizes she never had to worry about Evan's interaction with Marcus Chamberlain as it went better than she could ever imagine. But in this scene, the reader won't know this yet. So don't mention it.<!$Scr_Ps::8><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 I have provided all the dialogue needed for this scene. Please use my dialogue verbatim, adding no dialogue or removing any dialogue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 At your full discretion, add narrative, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue as needed to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::8>}}