{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti plopped down on the sofa after Evan left for Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fundraising event, her mind swirling with thoughts and emotions. Guido, still in the midst of a rather unfruitful journey through his little black book, looked up, noticing the distress in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re not my biggest fan, but if you need someone to talk to, I\u8217\'92m here,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he said, his voice surprisingly tender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She looked at him, uncertainty in her eyes. }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Could I really talk to Guido about this?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she wondered. After a moment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pause, she decided to take the chance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Several of our friends have asked me to persuade Evan that his relationship with Sarah is misguided,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she confessed, her voice trembling slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. He realized this would be a more extended conversation than he had hoped. Heading to the fridge, he grabbed two beers, opened them, and handed one to Patti. He took a guzzle from his bottle and sat on the loveseat perpendicular to the sofa, sharing the same end table. \u8220\'93You look like you could use this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She nodded, taking the beer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I can do it,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 she told him, her voice breaking. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I still have feelings for Evan but still value Evan\u8217\'92s friendship.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido looked at her sympathetically, not at all surprised. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always known. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think of Evan and Sarah\u8217\'92s relationship?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she asked him, seeking an honest opinion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido leaned back, considering his response.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get Evan. In my opinion, Evan should enjoy his college years as I do.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He comments how Evan has it easy.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Girls flock to Evan while I have to work for my hot honeys. If I were Evan, I\u8217\'92d play the field \endash  A different girl every other night of the week. But Evan is Evan.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti frowned, not quite getting the answer she sought.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think she\u8217\'92s right for him?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 she asked again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, and he looked at her intently.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to sugarcoat it, or do you want the Guido to give it to you raw?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Neither, really. But I guess there\u8217\'92s no point in you holding back, so give it to me raw,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she replied, bracing herself for his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold back. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not that I could ever think like Evan regarding women, but I thought you and him were doing it right. You\u8217\'92re both in college, having fun, but no strings attached. You are smoking hot. I would\u8217\'92ve kept hooking up with you through senior year if I were Evan.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks flushed at his bluntness. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think about Sarah?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she asked, steering the conversation back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What I say here never leaves this room. Do we have an understanding?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, of course. I won\u8217\'92t tell anyone, even Roxanne.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get it. I don\u8217\'92t get it at all. They have very little in common. But maybe that\u8217\'92s the point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Patti asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I marvel at how Evan attracts women when he knows so little about them. I might even say I\u8217\'92m green with envy. I can only imagine what it\u8217\'92s like to have girls lined up at my front door.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, trying to follow his train of thought. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand your point.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He looked annoyed by her impatience. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you didn\u8217\'92t let me finish. If it\u8217\'92s that easy for him to get a girl, then maybe what attracts him to Sarah is that although he reeled her in pretty quickly, for the first time, he experienced a girl who made him work for it. See what I mean?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Could Guido actually be right?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Patti thought, considering his words.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You may be right. I never really thought about it that way.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up, a triumphant smile spreading across his lips. His chest puffed out, and he leaned back, clearly pleased with himself.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I\u8217\'92m right. The Guido is always right!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he proclaimed, relishing Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rare validation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now that she\u8217\'92s been \u8216\'91caught,\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti said, air quoting the word caught.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think he\u8217\'92ll lose interest and back away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know you may not wanna hear this, but the only way that relationship ends is if Sarah ends it. Evan is convinced she\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91the one.\u8217\'92  His words, not mine. Regardless of what you and I think, it\u8217\'92s impossible to derail Evan when he commits to something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t he see what we all see? Sooner or later, that relationship is going to stop working. He needs to get out now before things get too serious.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido shook his head, a look of amused frustration in his eyes.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh Patti, Patti, Patti, you\u8217\'92re not getting it. Evan is in love with Sarah, or at least he thinks he is. He won\u8217\'92t admit it, and nobody seems to understand this, but Evan is the epitome of a hopeless romantic. He is blinded by love. I doubt anything we say will open his eyes to reality.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart ached at his words. }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Could she really do this? Could she really warn Evan off of Sarah? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure what to do. As a friend, I think I should share what we all feel and warn him off Sarah. But I\u8217\'92m not sure if I trust my motivation. I don\u8217\'92t want to come off as a jealous ex.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes softened. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I decided to let Evan make his own mistakes. And be there for him when he inevitably crashes and burns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think I should do? Just back away and let him crash and burn? Hoping that when he sees Sarah\u8217\'92s not right for him, he may understand that there are better options for him, even if it\u8217\'92s not me.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You gonna do what you\u8217\'92re gonna do no matter what I say. I know there\u8217\'92s nothing I can say to stop you from warning Evan off of Sarah. I can see it in your eyes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to, Guido. But Roxanne made it clear that if I don\u8217\'92t do it, she will. That would be a disaster on all levels.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He nodded, understanding her dilemma.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I get it. Who knows, maybe something you say will click in Evan\u8217\'92s head down the road. But for now, understand that your words will fall on deaf ears. And then you\u8217\'92re left with a tough choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Choice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Either tell Evan how you feel about him and press the issue with Sarah or do what I think you should do and be his friend and be happy for him if it works out and be there to catch him if he falls.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows shot up, her surprise evident. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s pretty sound advice coming from you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido leaned forward, his voice dripping with self-assured bravado. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone always underestimates the Guido.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  He punctuated the statement with a wink, his grin widening as if he were sharing a secret joke with the world. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I can stand around waiting and watching him with Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t. Get yourself back out there. Hop back on that horse. Find yourself a dude to keep your bed warm at night. You still got almost two full years of college. Live it up!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti laughed, }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now that\u8217\'92s the kind of advice I expected from you, Guido.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes danced with mischief, leaning back comfortably.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not gonna lie. I\u8217\'92d be happy to fill that need for your right now. But no can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Patti laughed loudly, throwing her head back. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to hear this. Why \u8216\'91no can do\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido grinned, his eyes twinkling with mischief, never losing his casual demeanor. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not gonna lie. I\u8217\'92d be happy to fill that need for you right now. But once a girl does Evan, she\u8217\'92s off-limits to the Guido. I don\u8217\'92t do my friends like that.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face turned bright red at his comment. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure if I should be insulted or flattered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Flattered, of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She rolled her eyes, but there was a smile on her face. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido leaned back, sighing exaggeratedly, his hands spread in a dramatic gesture of defeat.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta tell you, though, Patti. It ain\u8217\'92t easy. You\u8217\'92re the hottest piece of ass Evan\u8217\'92s ever hooked up with.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He paused, noticing a flicker in her eyes, a silent question that lingered in the air between them.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And yes, even hotter than Sarah,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido said with a wink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti laughed again, her hand covering her mouth, her eyes wide with disbelief but unsure what to say. Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shamelessness was both appalling and oddly endearing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Before she could respond, Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone rang. It was a black book favorite returning his call. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta go, Patti. I have a live one on the hook.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He headed to his bedroom, leaving Patti to her thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti was left alone in the room, her emotions still in turmoil. She took one last look at the space where Evan had stood, feeling both grateful for Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words and more confused than ever.}}