{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Patti Confronts Evan about Sarah<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Oblivious to Sarah's behind-the-scenes efforts and personal financial contributions to feeding the volunteers, Evan's friends criticized her for not actively participating in the debris cleanup. Their frustration grew when Evan chose to skip the next day's softball game, furthering their discontent with Sarah's influence on him. A few of Evan's friends reached a breaking point and gave Patti an ultimatum: either she warned Evan about Sarah, or Roxanne would do so. Feeling cornered, Patti felt she had to comply.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The sun was setting on the Saturday that Evan and his friends volunteered to clean up the farmlands of central Illinois after tornado. This scene picks up after Sarah announces, that with darkness setting in, the crew's work is complete for the day, and they are free to grab cold refreshments and snacks before heading home.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Farmlands of central Illinois. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time: Sunset on Saturday.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Typical partly sunny, chilly fall day in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Patti, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Volunteers<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Gratified or a solid day of work. Appreciative of his friends were helping out. Inspired to continue working a little bit longer, and the next day. But when Patti challenges his decision to be in relationship with Sarah, Evan uncharacteristically snaps at her. He is then apologetic, and in the end they agree to remind friends.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Patti: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>She was conflicted and thus, apprehensive. A few of Evan's friends, excluding Guido, but including Roxanne had pressured Patti into morning Evan that Sarah was not a good choice for him. Although Patti agreed and was concerned that Evan would get his heart broken, partner for still mourned her casual, but intimate relationship with Evan that ended at the conclusion of the previous school year. She was uncertain if she had agreed to confront Evan because of pressure from their friends, or because she wanted to reconnect with Evan on intimate level.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Patti)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Place the happenings of the beginning of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 End: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Information}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Information<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}}