{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Candara-Italic;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red255\green38\blue29;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green135\blue216;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1574420\li2268919\lin2268919}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li10788\lin10788}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> The Allure of Sarah's Pendant<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Bridget and Liz both noticed Sarah unconsciously rubbing her pendant, prompting them to inquire about its significance. Surprised that Evan had never mentioned it to them, Sarah took the opportunity to share its backstory. Although usually a monotone storyteller, Sarah's narrative skills surprisingly elevated as she recounted the tale of how the jewelry was crafted and relived the emotional experience of receiving it from Evan on their first date.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Is Midway through Christmas Eve dinner. A host of subjects are being discussed in no particular order. This scene is simply switch from one topic to another.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois. A northern suburb of Chicago.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene takes place from approximately 6 o'clock, when Sarah and Evan arrive, in the evening until dinner was complete.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Frigid cold in windy outside \endash  a typical winter day in Chicago. It's dry and cold and this day, but Liz hopes for snow the following day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah, Liz, Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe, Bridget, Liz and Evan's mom. She was the mystery guest.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Liz and Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> After Liz and Bridget were worried about Evan's health in the previous scene, the energy improves. Bridget noticed that Sarah had been rubbing her pendant like a worry stone. Bridget inquired about Sarah's pendant. The retelling of the story how Evan had the pendant custom-made for her left Liz and Bridget in a state of bewilderment that Evan actually had the capability of doing something like that, and left them with warm hearts at the sentimentality of his gesture.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah was feeling more and more like a part of the family. Without any intention to do so, she became the center of attention as she relived the sentimental story about receiving Evan's special gift \endash  the pendant. She was excited to tell the story, and impacted emotionally as she relived the moment she received the gift..<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan is okay with Sarah telling the story, but he doesn't think it's a big deal. He even seems to feel a little awkward. Custom designing jewelry isn't something he's known for. He probably thinks his friends would think it's lame. But this is it really talked about in the scene. The reader can determine for themselves why Evan doesn't think it's a big deal.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe's been mostly silent for the middle part of the dinner scenes. Evan makes a joke about turning the women's focus to interrogating Joe. Joe and comical style makes an excuse that he needs to go cook the turkey. He does not want to be the focus of the women's attention.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::6>Evan looked at Joe, sensing a good moment to lighten the mood. }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You know, Joe, I think it's your turn to get some attention. How about we all interrogate you for a while!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Without missing a beat, Joe stood up, grinning broadly. }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::7>Joe: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Gotta go finish carving the turkey for leftovers tomorrow!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room erupted in laughter, effectively shifting the atmosphere back to the jovial, holiday spirit that had briefly waned.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 Bridget(curious)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I noticed you rubbing that adorable little pendant. I've never seen anything like that before. Is it some kind of worry stone?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz jumped in.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! I noticed you rubbing it earlier as well, but I didn't want you to feel like I was watching you. I'm glad you mentioned it, mom.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah turned to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (surprised)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You didn't tell them about my pendant?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Evan }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (hoping to slough it off)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, it's no big deal.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, you don't have to be so embarrassed for buying your girlfriend such a cute gift as a token of your affection.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (piped into the conversation without thinking the check with Evan)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93He didn't exactly buy it?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe had been quietly listening happy that the focus was not on him, but on Evan. But he couldn't resist jumping in for some fun.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Joe }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (joking)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do, Evan? Steal it?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah looked at Evan, she could see that he was embarrassed about the whole situation, but didn't understand why. She presumed it was modesty.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93May I share our story?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan looked around at his mom and sister and surmise there was no point in resistance.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead, I'm sure I would be disowned if I said no.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah told the whole story. Generally, Sarah is not a very good storyteller. She tends to be a little stiff and monotone. Her students can attest to that. But when it came to talking about Evan's gift to her, her face let up her body became animated and by the end of the story her eyes watered. Sarah spent the next 25 minutes telling the story in vivid detail, while the boys are away from the table preparing for dessert. By the time there was finished all three Evan were teary-eyed. However, Liz was struggling to believe it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She looked at Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (expressing some doubt)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Gosh, it's so hard to believe my bratty little brother is even capable of doing something like that. Evan, did you really design that and have that custom-made? Now\u8217\'92s the time to come clean, it's a nice gift no matter what.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe looked at Liz like she was crazy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Joe }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (stating a well-known fact)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93When have you ever heard Evan lie about anything unless it was to protect someone's feelings?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (truthful, but meaning it as humor)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I remember lots of times Evan lied. Like when he took mom\u8217\'92s car for a joy ride in the middle of the night when she was sleeping.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Bridget said nothing out loud, but gave Evan a look as if to say you did what?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Evan }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (defending his honor, and playfully making a point)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I was 15 years old. I've got a long list of secrets I could tell about you Liz if you want to go down that road.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz chuckled. As good a person as Liz is considered, she is not void of skeletons in her closet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (backtracking)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Um. You see. Well. That was actually me mom. I took the car for a joy ride.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Everyone seemed to have a laugh at Liz's attempt to backtrack. Nobody was taking any of this seriously.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93He definitely had a custom-made for me. I actually have the doll that he got the glasses from, and I had my pendant polished recently by the jeweler who custom-made it. It needed a good polish because I rub it so much. I guess I unconsciously use it as a source of comfort.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Truly, Evan. That is a gift to be treasured.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Who'd a thunk it? My bratty little brother is sweet as pie.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Evan }{\f6\fs26\b0\i1\cf11 (happy for segway to a different conversation)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf12 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Who's ready for some Apple Pie?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Although everyone was pretty stuff from dinner they all agreed to a thin slice of pie to sweeten their pallet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The conversation about Sarah's pendant shows that doing something that unique in that special was truly out of Evan's comfort zone, thus giving more power to the idea that he truly sees Sarah as the one. This is relevant, because he ends up proposing and marrying her before book 1 is complete.<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 N/A<!$Scr_Ps::8>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: "[describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment]" or "Liz (smiling warmly):". }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: "Liz (playful teasing):".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  All dialogue provided must be used verbatim. Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: "Evan: Patti, how dare you!'".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize "showing" over "telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: "Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}