{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The Undergraduate Library was abuzz with the clatter of keystrokes, the murmur of hushed conversations, and the low hum of fluorescent lights overhead. It was a cocoon of industry, a hive of collegiate life, and its energy was as palpable as it was contagious. Groups of students huddled around tables, their brows furrowed in concentration, their voices a soft chatter. In the corners, amidst the maze of books, the library also nurtured tentative friendships and budding flirtations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Yet, today, for Sarah, the lively hum and vibrant buzz were background noise. She was elsewhere, trapped in her thoughts, her mind a whirlpool of images and sensations, all converging on one moment \endash  the kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah had always been a disciplined student. She prided herself on her ability to block out distractions, to focus, to absorb the information that swam across the pages in front of her. But today, every line she read, every fact she tried to internalize, it all blurred into an indistinguishable mass, drowned out by the memory of a unexpected kiss.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Why is this happening to me?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah wondered. She nervously fidgeted with her glasses, cleaning the lenses more out of habit than necessity. But the lenses weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the problem. It was the relentless film that played on the screen of her mind, a replay of an unexpected, yet passionately heart-stopping kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In an attempt to shake off her mental fog, she started to tidy her work area. Pens were aligned, notebooks stacked, eraser bits brushed away. She picked up her purse and methodically checked its contents, putting everything back in a precise order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the back of her mind, the logical part of her brain told her to snap out of it, to regain her focus. It reminded her of her vow to keep romantic entanglements at bay. But the other part, the part that seemed to be in control today, yearned for more. More of the mystery man, more of his touch, more of the sparks that had ignited between them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>I have to get back to my work<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , she admonished herself as she roamed the aisles aimlessly, her fingers running over the spines of books she had no intention of reading. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The tension was building, a mix of frustration and yearning. In a small act of surrender to her distracted state, she gathered her hair, twisting it into a bun at the top of her head. It was an unconscious act, an echo of countless study sessions in the past.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Is this what attraction to the masculine feels like?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah mused, her heart pounding a little faster as the memory of the kiss washed over her again. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>How does a woman get any work done?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, the diligent student, the disciplined scholar, was facing a new challenge. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an academic hurdle or an intellectual puzzle. It was something far more uncontrollable, far more overwhelming. It was desire. And she was lost in it, unable to find her way back to the safety of her books. For the first time in her academic career, she was grateful for her habitual over-preparedness. But even that relief was fleeting, swept away by a new wave of memories and longing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She was no longer just Sarah, the focused student, the valedictorian. She was Sarah, the woman yearning for a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s touch, Sarah, who craved for just one more kiss. It was a struggle, an internal tug-of-war that left her reeling and distracted. The library, once a sanctuary of knowledge, had become the stage for her emotional unrest, a symbol of the turmoil within her. And she had no idea how to handle it.}}