{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah sat amidst the hum of the Undergrad Library, the quiet symphony of fervent academia filling her ears. Encased in the concrete womb of the subterranean structure, she was blissfully unaware of the perfect sunny day unfolding outside. Around her, the library pulsed with the breath of student life, the symbiosis of quiet studiousness and simmering energy all too evident. It was more than a collection of books and periodicals, it was a cocoon of culture and knowledge, a shrine built in deference to the neighboring Morrow Plots, whose shadows were untouched by any construction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her earbuds funneled the animated voice from her audio seminar into her consciousness, an insightful monologue on expanding businesses internationally. In the intoxicating current of ideas, she found herself swept away, forgetting the real world around her. As a teaching assistant for Business-101, she often sought such engrossing material to keep her lessons engaging for her first-year students. 'There's so much these students can learn from this,' she thought to herself, an idea for the next class already blossoming in her mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A sudden glance at her watch shattered her serenity. She was late. The usual orchestration of time had somehow slipped, and the maestro of her schedule had vanished in the wake of the riveting seminar. Her heart thumped in her chest, a drum echoing the rhythm of her rising panic. 'I can't believe I lost track of time,' she chastised herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In a flurry of motion, she collected her belongings, the objects seeming to move in slow motion as she attempted to regain control of the runaway tempo of time. Books, pens, her tablet, all swept into her bag in a chaotic ballet of haste. With the last few minutes of her audio seminar still playing, she decided to leave her earbuds in. The outside world muted, she felt her way through the sounds of her heartbeat and the dwindling minutes of the seminar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her footsteps echoed against the concrete stairs leading to the exit, each one amplifying her frantic rush. Just as she was about to push the heavy door, she hesitated, her breath hitching in her chest. She had left the safety of the library's cocoon, and what awaited her outside, only time would tell. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 (This scene was written with elements of Danielle Steele's style, focusing on the internal thoughts and feelings of the main character, along with detailed descriptions of the setting and events.)}}