{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Fearing a month in limbo might weaken her resolve, Sarah proposes to Evan that they elope as soon as possible. Evan, filled with happiness, eagerly agrees to the plan, cementing their commitment to each other and the path they're choosing together.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Although Sarah was conflicted when Evan proposed, she accepted. Her father was disappointed that Sarah decided to abandon her master plan, and instead, follow Evan to Chicago. He gave her a month to change her mind before cutting off his financial support.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Evan:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> Waking up to the side of his perceived true love and fianc\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u233\'E9, Evan felt wonderful. His future was bright. He had the woman of his dreams and a job waiting for him in just a few weeks. He was again forward to finding an apartment close to his sister Liz. Evan had never felt better.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3> In contrast to Evan, Sarah remained conflicted. She felt paralyzed by this tug-of-war between her mind and her heart. She felt paralyzed by this choice between the two most important men in her life \endash  her father and Evan. She was going to hurt one of the men she loved, no matter what her decision was.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah was anything but the happy bride. This scene reflected Sarah's continued inter-turmoil. Should she give the ring back to Evan and break his heart? Should she marry Evan and live with the guilt and shame for disappointing her father? Sarah had never been so conflicted in her life.}}