{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The classroom was a microcosm of order and structure, juxtaposed with the youthful energy of the students filling it. As the wall clock ticked, the students' faces mirrored their confusion, their eyes flicking to the vacant podium, to the ticking clock, then back to the podium. Where was their punctual teacher's assistant, Sarah Wilkins? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Then, the door swung open, and there she was, Sarah. Except she was different. Her usually neat hair was let down, her eyes were bare without the usual frame of glasses, and there was a flush to her cheeks that was never there before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a silent apology mirrored in her expression, she straightened her outfit, straightened herself, and stepped towards the podium. "I apologize for being late. It will not happen again. Today we will review topics on next week\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exam,\u8221\'94 she declared. Her voice, though steady, had an unfamiliar softness to it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 While Sarah wrote on the board, a student raised his hand. "Ms. Wilkins, we have never discussed that material," he pointed out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's eyes widened a tad, realization slowly dawning on her. There was a beat of silence before she let out a soft laugh, clearing her throat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever have one of those days where something happens that you didn\u8217\'92t expect, and it throws you off your game?\u8221\'94 she asked, leaning against her desk in a relaxed pose, the air around her lightening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nods and smiles of understanding echoed around the room. It was a rare glimpse of Sarah, the person, not just Sarah, their teacher's assistant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Today is one of those days for me,\u8221\'94 she admitted, a touch of color staining her cheeks. \u8220\'93Let me tell you a secret about exams. 80% of the questions simply test your memorization. The other 20% are laced with trick questions to gauge how thoroughly you understand the material. Let's focus on the trick questions instead of wasting time on simple memorization. I think this will give everybody a better chance to ace this exam. Is everyone agreeable to that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The room erupted in unanimous approval. For once, excitement echoed through the room, as opposed to the usual resignation. The rest of the class flowed easily, a stark difference from their usual sessions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the class emptied, one student, Katie Andrews, approached Sarah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ms. Wilkins, I wanted to say how much I enjoyed our class today. Whatever happened, I hope will happen again next week!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The corner of Sarah's lips twitched upwards, her heart swelling in her chest. With a nod and a warm smile, she looked at Katie, her thoughts echoing Katie's sentiments. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Me too<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}