{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Template:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah Updates Katie}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Summary}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : After a memorable first date, Sarah returns home to share details with Katie, showing her the unique pendant Evan had made for her. Both are thrilled to discover Evan has requested Sarah change her Facebook status to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In a Relationship,\u8221\'94 marking a new chapter in their connection.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Katie}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Deep Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apartment}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Excited, Orgasmic, Romantic}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Not relevant}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Use the provided scene verbatim, excluding embedded instructions. Adapt and incorporate embedded instructions into the scene as seamlessly as possible while maintaining the original dialogue and narration.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Use the narrative to enhance the existing dialogue, emphasizing character emotions, internal thoughts, and the setting as necessary. However, ensure the dialogue remains the central mechanism for moving the plot forward.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Integrate dialogue tags an action tags at your full discretion. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Remove all speaker labels identified by the character name followed by a colon and a space. Example "Sarah: "}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Feel free to use internal dialogue to help the reader feel with Sarah's feeling.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Draft Scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Sarah opened the door to her apartment, stepped in, closed the door behind her, then leaned back against the door and let out a tremendous sigh. She felt a mixture of emotions including but not limited to, vibratory, relieved, orgasmic, weightless. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am guessing by the look on your face that the date went well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was perfect,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Sarah sighed again. ]]}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 [[ And excited Katie jumped up and down and gave Sarah a big hug.]] <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so happy for you, Sarah. Come sit down, let\u8217\'92s talk.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Sarah followed Katie to the couch. When they sat down, she showed Katie her pendant. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan calls me his Cinderella because I\u8217\'92m always trying to run away from him like it\u8217\'92s midnight.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Sarah explained the full meaning behind the necklace. She also described the process by which Evan had it made for her. The retelling of the necklace story brought tears to both of their eyes. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Sarah, that\u8217\'92s so romantic. I swear you are the luckiest woman I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel like the luckiest woman alive!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Sarah\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u8217\'92s phone buzzed with a Facebook message. It was a relationship request from Evan. She showed the Facebook message to Katie. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan wants me to confirm that we\u8217\'92re in a relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you in a relationship?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Sarah smiled and nodded, yes. ]] <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you move fast! Are you going to confirm it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever wanted to do anything more in my life,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ She pressed the on-screen button to confirm to Facebook that she and Evan are in a relationship. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait for all the details. You are glowing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel incredible, Katie! In a single day, I have a new amazing friend and a new amazing boyfriend. For the first time, I feel like a normal woman!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Have Katie cup her hands over her heart or similar silent gesture or facial expression to show how touched she is when Sarah called her and amazing new friend. maybe insert that into the middle of the dialogue line above. Where you think it fits best.  ]]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1>[[ Sarah repeated herself as she thrust back against the cushion in jubilation. ]] <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A normal woman!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>[[ Either through dialogue to Katie or through internal thoughts, this is a good time for Sarah to think or say that while in the past, she was critical of the girls that seemed to spend all their time chattering about boys, she finally understands what it's like to have these romantic feelings for a man. She finally knows where feels like to be kissed romantically. She finally gets it, and she loves these feelings of emotion. }
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 In this moment at least, she would trade this endorphin-laced moment of ecstasy, for every rational thought she's ever had.}
\par\plain {\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 We want to leave the reader feeling how Sarah feels at this moment. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f4\fs28\b0\i1\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}