{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Please create the scene using the following information.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Scene Information:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Scene Title: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>0121 Evan Calls Liz for Advice<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Scene Description: <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Disappointed he has been unable to find Sarah after their kiss, Evan calls his sister, Liz, for advice. <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Characters:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>He calls Liz for advice about finding Sarah.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Liz: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>She lists Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirits with her words about Sarah. She has concerns about his health.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf8  <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Third person limited, from Evan's perspective. <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Location: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bedroom<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Setting: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan and Liz are communicating via mobile phone.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>11 AM<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Emotional Tone: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Worry, Distress, Relief, Optimism <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Backstory: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>After kissing Sarah two days earlier, Evan is distressed that he has not been able to find her since.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Scene Conclusion: <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>The scene ends on a positive note. Liz boosts Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confidence that if it\u8217\'92s meant to be, it will be, and Evan believes it will be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Now that Evan feels much better, the final line should have Evan texting Guido that he no longer needs Guido to cover his training sessions. <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Special Instructions: <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-284\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Use the provided scene verbatim, excluding embedded instructions. Adapt and incorporate embedded instructions into the scene as seamlessly as possible while maintaining the original dialogue and narration.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Use the narrative to enhance the existing dialogue, emphasizing character emotions, internal thoughts, and the setting as necessary. However, ensure the dialogue remains the central mechanism for moving the plot forward.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Integrate dialogue tags an action tags at your full discretion.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Remove all speaker labels identified by the character name followed by a colon and a space. Example "Evan: "<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Other Notes:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In this scene, there is a subtle hint that Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s health may not be as good as it seems. In this book, Evan is healthy and has no illness diagnosis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 However, in the future, the issues of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s energy drop mentioned in the scene are due to an undiagnosed bone disease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s distrust of doctors and aversion to prolonged use of pharmaceutical drugs will become relevant in the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 While the primary purpose of this scene is to show the relationship between Evan and his sister and be the impetus for him to gain confidence for his next attempt at finding Sarah, it also sets up the subplot of Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disease.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 The Sequence of Events:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Evan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s alarm goes off at 11 AM. I like the reader to experience a deep POV with how Evan is feeling this morning, unmotivated, on wanting to get up.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He is already snoozed it multiple times.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::4>On a typical Saturday, Evan gets up at 8 o\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92clock for a morning jog and a workout.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 Severely disappointed that he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t find Sarah on the rainy Friday the day before, he lacks the motivation to get up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 Even a Cubs victory night before did not lift his spirits.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 During the many snooze alarms, around 9 AM, Evan asked Guido to cover his client training sessions for the afternoon. The readers should be informed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 Feeling helpless about how to find Sarah, he makes a phone call to the person who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s always there for him, his sister, Liz. ]] <!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 [[ Evan called Liz. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Liz pretended she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know who the caller was. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Liz, do you have a few minutes to talk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, who is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, it\u8217\'92s Evan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, that name doesn\u8217\'92t ring a bell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit teasing. It\u8217\'92s Evan Vaughn, your brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, now I remember. It\u8217\'92s been forever since I\u8217\'92ve heard from my little brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only been a couple of weeks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Six weeks, to be exact. What's up? Are you feeling okay? Are you still having those energy drop issues?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ In the last year or two, the typical healthy Evan will have periods where his energy drops significantly. Sometimes lasting for a couple of hours, sometimes a couple of days. ]]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 [[ Liz often asks about his health, causing Evan to feel like she is nagging him. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "No, I haven't had any problems."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I wish you would go to the doctor and get checked out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "You know how I feel about most doctors. They get kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies. They're chomping at the bit to prescribe drugs when most of the all that is needed is proper diet and exercise."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "You and your fear of doctors. I'll never understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I've seen more than one friend or family get addicted to prescribed painkillers and antidepressants. You've seen it too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I'm asking you to go to the doctor, not get addicted to painkillers."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I'm fine, Liz. Please stop worrying. We have to get a physical every six months for work, and I just got mine a few weeks ago. I got a clean bill of health."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I would've known that if you had called me."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Liz said in a teasing way. It's important to know Liz and Evan never fight or get angry with each other. But they do like to tease each other. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I\u8217\'92ve been busy with school and work \endash  \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Interrupted ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And sports and parties and girls.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Evan laughed. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I called to talk about, girls. Well, one girl in particular. I think she\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one? Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I literally bumped into her on the way to the library. She was in a rush and headed for a hard fall. I was lucky enough to get there in the knick of time before she hit the ground. Next thing I know, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re kissing. Oh my God, Liz. It was the best kiss of my life."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "What a wonderful way to meet! Tell me more about her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "That's the thing, Liz; I know nothing about her. She ran away without so much as giving me her name."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "Why do you think she ran away? Was she upset you kissed her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "No, Liz, you taught me always to be respectful. In the heat of the moment, I told her I wanted to kiss her. And she said I could. So I did!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I'm proud of you for being respectful. But then, why did she run?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I wish I knew. Guido thinks she has a boyfriend, but I said no way that's true. I think she ran because she was late for class. At least, I hope that was the reason. I waited for her to return, but she never showed. I returned the next day, and still, she didn't show."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I wouldn't worry too much. You know what I always say."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "Yeah, I know. If it's meant to be, it will be."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Evan said it like he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d heard it a million times before. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "But Liz, there is something special about this girl. I am desperate to find her. I know it's too soon to be sure, but I feel she's the one for me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I know it's hard to be patient. But I'm telling you, Evan, the harder you look, the less likely that you'll find her. When you stop looking, she'll appear. That's just how these things work."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "Guido said as much. He said I looked pathetic getting soaked, waiting for her in the rain, and then spending hours online last night desperately trying to find her with no luck."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I wish I were there to give you a hug. You're not pathetic for enthusiastically seeking love. But Guido is right to some extent; go back to enjoying life. You put in the effort to find her, and that's a good thing, a great thing. But it's not healthy to become obsessive in your pursuits."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I know you're right. I want to meet her again. I never wanted anything as much in my life."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "Do you really think she may be the one?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I don't think it; I know it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "Then carry that confidence with you until you find her. If it's meant to be, you will find her!" }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Liz says in an empowering, confident tone. ]]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 [[ Liz's words pumped up Evan. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "You're right! I'm not gonna be pathetic, desperately seeking Sarah. We are meant to be, and the universe will bring her to me again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "Now that's the Evan I know! I know you're going to find her. I've never heard you call any girl 'the one.' And I'm especially impressed you met her on the way to the }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1 library}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 !"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ They both laughed at the library comment. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "That just proves how awesome my sister is. I never would've met her if you didn't make me promise to keep my grades up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "I can't take the credit. But now that you mention it, are you keeping your grades up?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Teasingly, Evan changed the subject without answering her. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "No time to talk, Liz; gotta get ready for work."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Liz laughed at Evan's evasive response. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "Take care, little brother. Promise you'll call me if you have any more energy drop episodes?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan:}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> [[ Mildly annoyed by Liz's overprotective nature. ]] <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll call you. Gotta run; love you, sis!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: "Love ya too."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ A rejuvenated Evan either texts Guido or pops his head into Guido\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s bedroom and tells Guido he doesn't need Guido to cover his client sessions because he (Evan) feels great! ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}