{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Create/Replace this location profile.<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Location Profile:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Name of the place:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Shear Elegance<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Country:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> USA<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 State:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 City:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Champaign<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Type of place:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Hair salon<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 What role does this setting play in the story?}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This venue is the chic salon where Sarah undergoes a contemporary hair transformation. Even though Sarah's hair is already gorgeous, Nicole, the expert hairstylist, opts to infuse it with subtle lowlights, adding depth to her light blonde locks. Simultaneously, she trims a few inches off, maintaining the hair's overall length but refreshing its look.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In the midst of this protracted styling session, the salon evolves into a space of revelation and burgeoning anticipation. The intimate atmosphere, punctuated by the hum of hairdryers and the gentle clatter of hairstyling tools, lends itself to confessions about Sarah's somewhat sparse romantic past. The air practically thrums with a sense of expectation as Sarah contemplates violating her self-imposed dating moratorium and potentially embarking on a relationship with Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Description:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Tucked away in the heart of a vibrant central Illinois lies an unassuming, yet undeniably modern hair salon. Through the large glass facade, the salon's chic and bustling atmosphere beckons to both casual passersby and dedicated customers alike.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Upon crossing the threshold, visitors are met with an airy, open space, replete with the gentle hum of hairdryers, the soft rustle of foil, and the low murmur of friendly conversation. The flooring is a modern marvel, laid out with sleek, polished wooden planks that lend a warm, contemporary touch to the space.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 To the right of the entrance, an intimate seating area is neatly arranged. An elegant, tufted couch in a muted gray is flanked by a pair of sleek armchairs. Placed strategically, this area allows Katie to comfortably observe the transformation process from her seat, keeping a watchful eye on Sarah as Nicole works her magic.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Running parallel to the left wall are several state-of-the-art hairstyling stations. Each boasts a large, backlit mirror framed by brushed steel, and a swivel chair upholstered in rich, black leather. Mobile carts filled with an array of high-end hair care products and advanced tools are stationed conveniently next to each chair.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Nicole tends to Sarah at the third station from the entrance, providing a perfect line of sight to Katie from the reflective mirror. The overall lighting is artfully designed to cast an inviting glow over the area, highlighting the natural finishes of the wooden floor and the sophisticated furnishings.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Adding a touch of biophilia, strategically placed potted plants bring a sense of calm and vitality to the salon. The back wall serves as a stylish product display, with lit glass shelves housing an impressive range of premium hair care products and styling tools.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Tucked in the back corner of the salon, a glass partition subtly separates the wash station from the main area. Here, plush, reclining chairs face ceramic sinks, each equipped with modern showerheads, providing a comfortable and relaxing hair-washing experience for clients.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 With its soft background music and contemporary aesthetic, this small-town salon rivals its big-city counterparts, promising clients not just a hairstyling appointment, but a luxury experience that caters to their modern tastes.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}