{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Title: Help Chris LeQuire Fight Stage 4 Cancer and Rebuild His Life}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Description:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Chris's Courageous Battle Against Cancer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Since his diagnosis with Stage 4 Papillary Thyroid Cancer on July 7, 2021, Chris LeQuire's life has been a relentless battle against this ruthless disease. A loving father and skilled tradesman, Chris's journey through cancer treatment has been fraught with extraordinary challenges and setbacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 His initial major surgery on November 4, 2021, was to remove a grapefruit-sized tumor in his neck, a testament to his resilience. What was expected to be a 3-hour procedure turned into a grueling 13-hour ordeal. During this time, Chris faced life-threatening complications, requiring resuscitation three times. Despite the surgeons' efforts, they could not remove all the cancerous tumors, leaving Chris to face further treatments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Complications with insurance delayed the start of his chemotherapy until June 2022. When he finally began the pill-based chemotherapy treatment, the relief was short-lived. The pills only minimally reduced the tumors and brought a host of severe side effects, including blood clots that led to heart attacks. This necessitated two additional surgeries for stent implants, adding to the physical and emotional toll on Chris.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Throughout 2022 and 2023, Chris's treatment was a rollercoaster of starting and stopping chemotherapy pills due to these serious side effects. Each new prescription brought a different set of challenges, making it impossible for him to maintain any sense of normalcy. As we look ahead to 2024 and beyond, it's clear that Chris's fight is far from over. In the months, and possibly years to come, he will continue this relentless battle until his recovery is complete. This enduring journey underscores the need for ongoing support and resilience as Chris faces each new phase of treatment with unwavering determination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Now, in a significant shift in his treatment plan, Chris is preparing to begin radiation therapy in January at the Winship Cancer Institute in Atlanta. This new phase marks yet another chapter in his multi-year struggle with cancer, demonstrating his unyielding spirit and determination to fight against all odds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 The Weight of Medical and Living Expenses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The financial toll of Chris's battle with cancer has been immense. Soaring medical bills, coupled with his already limited income from short-term disability \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  nearly one-third of which goes back to the insurance company as monthly premiums \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  have created an overwhelming burden. Beyond these expenses, the necessity of traveling to Atlanta for treatment poses a significant challenge. Each round trip requires nearly six hours of travel, not including the time spent on treatment itself. Even if his aging, high-mileage vehicle were reliable, the physical demands of such long drives are beyond Chris's capacity. While friends and family offer occasional assistance, the reality is that Chris often needs to hire a service for these trips. The cost of these services, essential for his frequent and critical treatments, adds a substantial and daunting expense to his already strained financial situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Adding to these challenges is Chris's living situation: he's in a month-to-month lease in a modest manufactured home, which is far from ideal. Particularly heart-wrenching for Chris is the absence of his beloved cats, Samson and Smokey. These faithful companions, who are more like family than pets, have been a vital source of emotional support throughout his illness. Unfortunately, they must temporarily stay with a friend, as Chris's present housing does not permit pets. Finding an affordable, pet-friendly residence seems almost impossible given Chris's strained financial circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 A Plea for Compassionate Assistance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 This GoFundMe aims to provide Chris with the necessary support to navigate this challenging phase. Our goals are:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Transportation}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Ensure reliable transportation for Chris's frequent trips to Atlanta for chemotherapy sessions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Stable Housing}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Help Chris find a pet-friendly home, bringing back his beloved cats, and providing a secure, long-term living arrangement.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Day-to-Day Survival}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Cover basic living expenses, including utility bills and groceries, to ease the stress of living paycheck-to-paycheck.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 4.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Medical Bills}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Contribute towards the significant and mounting medical bills incurred from ongoing treatments and surgeries.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 A Call to Action}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 At only 53 years old, Chris LeQuire, a man who has always prided himself on self-sufficiency, is facing a battle that no one should have to fight alone. Your contribution can ease his burdens, allowing him to focus on overcoming cancer and returning to the fulfilling life he deserves. Every donation, no matter the size, brings Chris closer to stability and a fighting chance against cancer, with the hope of many more productive years ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 By supporting Chris, you're not just donating to a cause; you're giving hope and tangible support to someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father, friend, and a cherished member of our community. You're helping a man with a long life still to live, a life full of potential and contributions yet to be made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Let's rally around Chris LeQuire. Together, we can make a significant difference in his life during this critical time. Thank you for your kindness and generosity.}}