{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs30\cf1 Here are some changes I'm considering making. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know if they'll be ready before our next meeting. If you have any thoughts one way or the other, please let me know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 I've updated my outlines with the new chapters and scenes in red in the attached Word documents. }
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 It may be easier to read in the Word doc, but to save you time, here is what I've added. }
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Chapter 8: Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Parents Are Concerned}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Scene #32: Sarah's Parents Question Relationship with Evan:}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Sarah's parents, especially her father, were deeply concerned when they saw that Sarah had changed her Facebook status to show that she was in a relationship with Evan. They called her to question her about this relationship. Still uncertain about what it was, she downplayed it as a casual relationship that would, at the latest, end when the school year ended. She assured her parents that her academic and philanthropic efforts would not be affected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Chapter 9: Sarah Is a Fish Out of Water}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Scene #33: Sarah Feels Awkward at a Football Watch Party}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Evan had invited Sarah to watch the Monday night Chicago Bears football game at his softball coach's house. Over a dozen of Evan's friends were also there to watch the game. After the game, they partied with loud music and drinking games, including beer pong. Sarah had felt out of place and had sat quietly next to Evan while everyone else had been drinking and cheering for the Bears.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Scene #34: Sarah Tells Katie about Her Relationship Concerns with Evan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Sarah had shared her concerns with Katie about the differences between her and Evan, both in their personalities and their worlds. She hadn't been adapting well to his world and worried about how he would navigate an upcoming fundraiser she had organized. The thought of Evan attending made her anxious, fearing he might embarrass himself and her during the event.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 My ideas for addressing the plot once I've completed the 1st draft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1    * I've added scenes to focus on Sarah's conflict. I've added a scene where her parents call her after seeing her Facebook status change. That's at the beginning of the relationship, where she needs to figure out where it's going. Later in the book, her parents call her again when they see she posted a picture of the promise ring Evan gave her on Valentine's Day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 That will show a progression both in her relationship with Evan and her growing concerns that she is having, although she still downplays it to her parents. I want the reader to see how this conflict grows within Sarah from the 1st phone call, where everything was new, and she wasn't overly concerned, until Valentine's Day when a promise ring made her start thinking about what happens with the relationship after graduation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 * Much for the reason I just mentioned, I'm adding a conversation with Sarah where she expresses her concerns to Katie about her and Evan being in 2 different worlds and the challenges it brings. The readers need to understand why their marriage ended up in divorce. The prequel will show many cracks in their relationship's foundation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 * I also decided to rework Patti in the book. I'll include her character arc in a message following this one because I am unsure what the word count is. I still plan on keeping the scenes that she's in the same, but I'll change the tone to be less dramatic on Patti's part. I do like the scene with her and Guido because it allows the reader to see that Guido has another side to him. He can be compassionate and deliver sage advice, but at the end of the day, he is still Guido. I think that scene represents the whole of Guido. It will reflect Patti's hurt feelings as more of a momentary wave of sadness and insecurity \endash  rather than an overly dramatic impact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 * I'm also considering a brief appearance of Evan's mom at Liz's apartment at Christmas. This would serve a couple of purposes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 ** Through narrative and dialogue, it would allow me to introduce Evan's back story and the traumatic effect of his parent's divorce. He desired not to be like his father, who, in his eyes, was a cheater and a wedding vow breaker. A big part of Evan's character is that he vowed at ten never to get divorced and never cheat on a romantic partner \endash  he won't even date two women at the same time. I do cover this in the main book. So, I'm unsure if putting it in the prequel is worth it. Let me know if you have any thoughts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 ** This may be silly, but in the prequel, you will find out that while Sarah respects her mother, she doesn't want to be anything like her \endash  a dutiful, submissive wife. This is part of her fear in her relationship with Evan. She finds herself going to his softball games and get-togethers with his friends. Not because she enjoys it; she sees it as her duty as his girlfriend \endash  per the relationship contract she proposed on their 1st date. In the main book, Chloe does not want to have kids because she thinks she will be a horrible mom like her mom was. She blames her mom for causing her and her sister to have a combative, overly dramatic nature. For different reasons, she doesn't want to be like her mom. I don't want to give moms a bad name, so 1 of the reasons I thought of sticking Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mom in here and maybe the main book is so there's at least one decent mom in the picture. Is this a silly thing for me to think about?}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1}