{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tucked away in the heart of vibrant central Illinois lay Shear Elegance Hair Salon, an unassuming, yet undeniably modern hair salon. Through the large glass fa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u231\'E7ade, the salon's chic and bustling atmosphere beckoned to both casual passersby and dedicated customers alike. The partly cloudy and pleasant weather outside contrasted with the salon's warm interior, filled with the gentle hum of hairdryers, the soft rustle of foil, and the low murmur of friendly conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's hairstylist, Nicole Jenkins, was finishing up with a client when Katie and Sarah arrived at her salon. "Have a seat. I'll be with you in a second," she called, flashing a welcoming smile. Her station, the third from the entrance, provided a perfect line of sight to Katie, who sat on the elegant, tufted couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Soon, Nicole finished with the client, cleaned up, and called for Katie and Sarah to come to her station. Her eyes widened as she took in Sarah's appearance. "Is this the same girl in the picture you sent?" she asked Katie, her voice laced with surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Amazing what a pair of jeans and some contact lenses can do," Katie chuckled. "Nicole, this is my dear friend, Sarah. Sarah, this is my friend and stylist, Nicole."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They greeted each other with a warm handshake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole's eyes studied Sarah's features as she guided her to the swivel chair upholstered in rich, black leather. The salon's contemporary aesthetic and the wooden floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural finishes created a backdrop that emphasized Nicole's professionalism. "Have a seat, Sarah. What are we doing today?" Nicole asked, her voice filled with anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "The works!" Katie exclaimed, her face lighting up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole took a minute or two before speaking, her eyes still fixed on Sarah. "This is unusual for me. On my website, I have before and after pictures of my makeovers. You already look like an 'after' girl. What do you think, Katie?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "She is stunning, but I think we need to change things up. Are you okay with that, Sarah?" Katie asked, her tone both excited and reassuring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Whatever you both decide is fine with me, as long as my hair will still be appropriate for professional occasions," Sarah replied, her voice firm yet trusting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Here's what I think we should do. As pretty as you are, you're one shade of light color\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fair skin, blonde hair, etc. I say let's add some low lights. Also, we'll straighten your hair and cut a few inches off the bottom. Not only will you look super-hot for your date tonight, but it will look great for any professional engagement! How does that sound?" Nicole asked, her eyes sparkling with ideas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "That sounds great!" Katie chimed in; her excitement was palpable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Works for me!" Sarah agreed, her willingness to embrace change reflecting a newfound excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They settled into a comfortable rhythm as Nicole worked her magic. Katie played games on her phone while Nicole placed the low lights in Sarah's hair, then moved on to her mani-pedi. The conversation flowed naturally, with the women's voices weaving together in the open space of the salon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Tell me about this guy you're dating tonight," Nicole asked, her voice curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I know little about him. All I know is his name is Evan," Sarah replied, her voice tinged with intrigue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm sure I can dig up some information on him. Is he a student? A senior?" Katie asked, her fingers already typing on her phone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm not sure, but he seemed to know everybody. I would guess he is a senior or at least an upperclassman," Sarah said, her curiosity growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hmm, I think that's enough information. There can't be that many Evans. Let me text my roommate's sister. She's a senior and knows a lot of people. In the meantime, I'll Google him and see what I find," Katie said, her voice filled with determination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is your date tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s taking her to that nice Thai place on Kirby Avenue! She could use some dating tips; this is her first date since high school,\u8221\'94 Katie answered for Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole raised an eyebrow, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since high school!? That\u8217\'92s surprising.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She paused, her eyes narrowing slightly as she considered her next words carefully. Memories of past dates and relationships seemed to flit across her face. Finally, she nodded to herself and continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve dated my fair share of men. My best advice for you would be to be yourself tonight. Don\u8217\'92t pretend to be something you\u8217\'92re not. That never works out. Are you nervous?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah felt a twinge of confusion, her head tilting slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m more confused and disoriented than nervous. I\u8217\'92m used to dealing with situations analytically, not emotionally.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Analytical or not, Sarah, you\u8217\'92re still a woman. I saw how your face lit up when you told me about how he kissed you. Where is the analysis in that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a point there,\u8221\'94 Sarah conceded, shifting uncomfortably in her seat as she considered the words. \u8220\'93I guess I embraced the feeling, but I can\u8217\'92t live in that place forever. I need to find some resolution tonight, so I can get back to focusing on my real life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole frowned, her eyebrows drawing together in concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Resolution?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like the idea of having a boyfriend, but I need to make sure the relationship doesn\u8217\'92t distract me from my goals,\u8221\'94 Sarah explained, her hands nervously playing with the edge of the salon cape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, her mouth slightly agape. \u8220\'93A relationship? Don\u8217\'92t you think it might be too soon to talk about that? It might scare him away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I might\u8217\'92ve found him!\u8221\'94 Katie interjected, her face lighting up as she held up her phone. \u8220\'93Do you know if he works as a personal trainer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be. He\u8217\'92s got the body for it,\u8221\'94 Sarah replied, a slight blush coloring her cheeks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie then opened the website for a local fitness center and navigated to the personal trainer section, showing Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s picture to Sarah. \u8220\'93Wow! Is this him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep, that\u8217\'92s him!\u8221\'94 Sarah said, pride in her voice, her chest puffing out slightly. Katie showed the picture to Nicole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is hot!\u8221\'94 Nicole exclaimed, leaning forward to get a closer look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie grinned, her eyes twinkling with mischief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His full name is Evan Vaughn. Let me text my roommate\u8217\'92s sister his name, and let\u8217\'92s see what we can find out!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A few minutes later, the texts started rolling in. Katie looked up, her expression curious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you walking around campus holding his hand the other day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and it was horrible; everybody was staring at us like we committed some kind of crime or something,\u8221\'94 Sarah recalled, her face crinkling in distaste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie let out a long, loud laugh as she sent a text, her body shaking with amusement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the mystery woman!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mystery woman?\u8221\'94 Sarah repeated, perplexed, her head tilting to one side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie continued to crack up laughing as she spoke, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The reason everyone was staring at you two was that they thought Evan was dating a professor. It was scandalous!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole joined in the laughing fest, but Sarah was not amused; her lips pursed tightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know why people can\u8217\'92t mind their own business.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The conversation was quiet for a few moments while Katie read through her texts, the room filled with the soft sound of her thumb scrolling. Then she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s any consolation, girl, you hit the jackpot! My friend says this guy is highly coveted. Let me see if I can get some more details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie read through her texts and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s the scoop. The consensus is that he is a great guy, but you should avoid his best friend, Guido. Evan has had a few girlfriends since he has been here but doesn\u8217\'92t seem to be looking for anything serious. Does that bother you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s perfect for me. The last thing I need is a serious relationship. A companion for a while, or maybe for the school year, has appeal. Anything more might derail me,\u8221\'94 Sarah responded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A couple of hours later, the makeover was complete. Nicole turned the chair around so Sarah could look into the mirror and stated, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My work here is done!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, you look incredible\endash  hotter than hot! Like I knew you would! No one is going to mistake you for a professor tonight. I can\u8217\'92t wait to go shopping for a new outfit to match your new look,\u8221\'94 Katie cheered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah stared at herself for a few minutes in the mirror, disbelief etched in her wide eyes. Nicole asked, her voice tinged with uncertainty, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you not like it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s incredible. This situation is all overwhelming and surreal. I think it\u8217\'92s just now registering that I\u8217\'92m about to go on a date with a guy I hardly know and break my number one rule,\u8221\'94 Sarah admitted, her voice full of mixed emotions, her hands trembling slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nicole attempted to comfort Sarah, and Katie chimed in, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try not to make such a big deal about it. It is just a first date. Use this as an opportunity to get to know him better and see where it goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah looked at Katie, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Katie, would you mind staying in my apartment while I\u8217\'92m on my date? If you like, we can stop by your dorm so you can grab clothes and study materials and stay the night. I might need a friend before the night is over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie hugged Sarah warmly, her eyes filled with understanding and support. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I\u8217\'92ll be there for you.\u8221\'94}}