{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maybe have a coffee or drink offer from Sarah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maybe rewrite the first paragraph}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Let's expand and animate this part of the scene. I can see Katie awestruck in real life when she walks into a luxury apartment, but to Sarah, it's commonplace. }
\par\plain {While Katie pauses and marvels at this place, maybe walks to the window and looks out the window, Sarah would likely veer off in a separate direction to her kitchen and get something to drink \endash  perhaps wine or coffee or water. In contrast to Sarah, Katie might tell Sarah how great the department is, maybe how incredible the view is. Sarah might offer her something to drink, as anyone would when a new guest comes to their apartment. }
\par\plain {Have Katie accept the drink, and then have Sarah tell Katie to have a seat on her couch. Sarah can then bring her drink to her, sit down and start their chat.}
\par\plain {Here are a couple of things to note as you rebuild the first part of this scene. Champaign, Illinois is a small town, so there won't be any extensive city views. If you describe the view out the window, let's have Sarah's apartment look out into an expansive preservation area\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lots of trees and greenery with a small appealing creek running through the nature preserve.}
\par\plain {I want to start the scene with the reader feeling like there with Sarah and Katie. Right now, it feels like they're just two people talking anywhere. I want to immerse the reader into the scene.}
\par\plain {Please rewrite and expand that first paragraph if that's enough to work with. If you need more information, let me know. Were brainstorming here, you have free reign to express your thoughts and ideas.}}