{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Scene Number}{\f0\fs28\b0 : 0208}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Summary}{\f0\fs28\b0 : After the Enforcers win their game, Sarah joins Evan, Guido, and a dozen friends to celebrate at Sluggers Sports Bar and Grill. Despite the group's excitement, Sarah feels like an outcast. Her struggle reflects her commitment to support Evan and her discomfort due to her inability to connect socially with peers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Setting}{\f0\fs28\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Sluggers Sports Bar and Grill}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Location Description}{\f0\fs28\b0 : [Same description as provided]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Time}{\f0\fs28\b0 : 1:30 PM}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Weather/Environment}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Not relevant}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Characters Present}{\f0\fs28\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Main Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Evan, Sarah}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Secondary Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Guido (boisterous, leading the celebration) and a dozen friends (various personalities, all excited about the win)}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Character Emotional State}{\f0\fs28\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Evan}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Happy, proud, na\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFve about how Patti will respond to Sarah}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Sarah}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Outwardly quiet, inside feeling outcast, reflecting on her historical struggle to connect with peers}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Guido and Friends}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Elated, engaging in lively banter and celebration}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 POV}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Dialogue Focus}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Moderate (mix of lively group chatter and Sarah's minimal responses)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Use of Internal Dialogue}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Heavy (focusing on Sarah's emotions, memories, and feelings of inadequacy)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Plot/Action}{\f0\fs28\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Beginning}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Sarah and Evan enter the bar, greeted by the lively setting. Guido called ahead, and Evan gives his name. They are seated.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Middle}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Friends trickle in, lively and proud. Guido, the loudest, comes in bragging. Sarah feels like an outcast, no one engages her. She hopes for Patti's arrival, but Patti is a no-show. Evan's inquiry about Patti leads to Roxanne's glare and a vague response.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Transitions}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Sarah's internal dialogue and Evan's engagement with friends bridge the three parts, leading to the eventual decision to leave.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 End}{\f0\fs28\b0 : They leave the party early. Evan reassures Sarah, but she still feels like she failed. Scene ends with her driving home, questioning her relationship with Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Objectives/Goals}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Show Sarah's struggle to connect in social environments and how this contrasts with the group's enjoyment. Highlight her black-and-white thinking regarding success or failure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Props/Items}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Food, Drink, TV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on the wall (integrated into the scene as characters interact with them).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Dialogue}{\f0\fs28\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Lively for the group; for Sarah, isolated, outcast, insecure, inadequate}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Specific Lines}{\f0\fs28\b0 : More emphasis on the game discussion, Guido ensuring that beers remain full, teasing towards Evan, all contrasting with Sarah's quiet responses.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Special Instructions/Notes}{\f0\fs28\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Introductory Description}{\f0\fs28\b0 : As previously provided.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Integration of Setting}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Characters interact with the environment; memorabilia, TV screens, etc., play a role in the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Emphasize Sarah's Perspective}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Use deep POV and internal dialogue to highlight her overwhelming feelings.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Contrast in Experience}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Emphasize the joy of the group and Sarah's isolation to make the reader feel the overwhelming noise and energy as she does.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Build Transitions}{\f0\fs28\b0 : Use dialogue, actions, and internal thoughts to smoothly lead from one part to the next.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 By focusing on these adjustments, the scene aims to draw the reader into Sarah's internal struggle and the lively atmosphere of the celebration, creating a compelling contrast and a more engaging reader experience.}}