{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red217\green149\blue148;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green108\blue175;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\li17055\fi-11835\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Template:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah & Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s First Date}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Summary}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : After dinner, Evan presents Sarah with a customized pendant, an inexpensive but sentimental piece commemorating their unique beginning. Though Sarah usually wears expensive jewelry, she's touched by the thoughtfulness of Evan's gift and falls in love with the pendant, symbolizing a deeper connection between them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Evan}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Thai Garden Restaurant}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Setting: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>A charming little Thai restaurant tucked away in a quieter corner of town. The place was an intimate cocoon, exuding an enchanting blend of modern aesthetic and traditional Thai decor. Warm, golden lighting cast a soft glow over the well-worn wooden tables and chairs, creating a cozy and inviting atmosphere. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Ornate, hand-carved wooden panels adorned the walls, depicting scenes of Thai mythology and culture. Splashes of vibrant silk fabrics, used as table runners and curtains, added rich pops of color, complemented by the sweet aroma of exotic spices wafting from the kitchen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The centerpiece of the establishment was a small wishing well situated near the waiting area. Crafted from aged stone and moss, it was an unexpected touch that lent an air of whimsy to the place. Trickling water cascaded down, producing a soothing melody that added to the tranquil ambiance. A collection of coins glistened at the bottom, tossed by hopeful patrons making silent wishes. It was a charming symbol of the restaurant's welcoming and dreamy atmosphere, offering a unique touch to their dining experience.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Exciting, hopeful, anticipatory, friendly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Cool Early Fall Night}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Use the provided scene verbatim, excluding embedded instructions. Adapt and incorporate embedded instructions into the scene as seamlessly as possible while maintaining the original dialogue and narration.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Use the narrative to enhance the existing dialogue, emphasizing character emotions, internal thoughts, and the setting as necessary. However, ensure the dialogue remains the central mechanism for moving the plot forward.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Integrate dialogue tags an action tags at your full discretion. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Remove all speaker labels identified by the character name followed by a colon and a space. Example "Sarah: "}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In this heavy dialogue, keep the characters moving, doing something with their hands \endash  some sort of background activity to keep the scene flowing. I always want my readers to feel like there in the scene, not watching the scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Draft Scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Upon exiting the Thai Garden Restaurant, Evan gently took Sarah\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s hand and walked her to her car. Neither Sarah nor Evan said much during this time as they both were busy absorbing the night\u8217\'92s events. When they arrived at Sarah\u8217\'92s car, she turned around and leaned against the driver\u8217\'92s side door.]]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>[[Evan looked at Sarah deep in her eyes]]  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now I am ready to seal the deal.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Evan leaned in to kiss a wanting Sarah. This was their longest kissing session to date. The kiss started intimately before transitioning to deep passion. There was a drastic change in energy from the contract negotiations at dinner. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love the way I feel when you kiss me, but it scares me. You have this power over me. It\u8217\'92s intoxicating. I apologize for my business-like approach. I\u8217\'92ve never had a real romantic relationship before, and I\u8217\'92m struggling with the fear of losing control\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never apologize for being who you are. You have the same power over me. It doesn\u8217\'92t scare me, though. It feels like I have been waiting for you. I\u8217\'92ve never felt this way about anybody before. I understand this is unfamiliar territory for you. I promise I won\u8217\'92t pressure you to do anything before you\u8217\'92re ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[Sarah donned a sexy smile.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sense you won\u8217\'92t have to wait too long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 [[Asked Hopefully]] \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like the sound of that! I don\u8217\'92t suppose you have time to hang out more tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not tonight. My friend Katie is waiting for me back at my apartment. I will be there on Sunday to see your game.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah could see that this made Evan happy. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a gift for you.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Evan pulled a box out of his pocket. In the box was a silver pendant attached to a silver chain. The pendant was a tiny set of eyeglasses. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I put this on you, my Cinderella?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah turned around so that Evan could put the necklace around her neck. She turned back around to face Evan while holding the pendant in her hand, examining it. She could see the pride on Evan's face, but she was not sure what to make of it. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Evan could see perplexed look on Sarah's face as she examined. He decided to jump in and share the story of the necklace and how he had it custom-made. as he clasped the necklace on her neck. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know how I call you my Cinderella because you\u8217\'92re always running away from me?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah nodded in agreement. ]]}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 [[I'm going to provide you with what Evan would have said on the date. However, you're free to summarize this and focus more on how Sarah is feeling when Evan tells story.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 The reason you don't have to tell is verbatim, is that in scene 0137, the reader was there when Evan was having this necklace and its special charm made. In my feel repetitive for the reader to have Evan relive the details of the finding in making of the pendant, when they just read about it a few chapters ago.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 Of course, Sarah needs to hear all the details, that doesn't mean that the reader. Has to hear them along with her.  So use the following paragraphs of information and what you know of scene 0137 to describe what Evan is saying to Sarah. }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 Note that it is also okay to include some dialogue from Evan while Sarah is us and tell story it doesn't have to all be narrative, I'll leave that up to you.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 So here's an example and Evan might have said to Sarah after giving her the necklace.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::2>Evan: \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to get you something for our date tonight, and I wanted it to be unique. While shopping, I ran across this glass case with a bunch of small Cinderella-type glass slippers and shoes. It turns out people collect these things. They gave me the idea of a necklace with an eyeglass pendant inspired by the glasses you left behind while making your escape.\u8221\'94 Sarah smiled embarrassingly at Evan\u8217\'92s comment.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 Evan continued, \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t find any necklaces like that. I shopped at all the toy stores I could find. But I couldn\u8217\'92t find anything that would work. I even tried the toy sections at the department stores, nothing. I was about to give up when I passed by this antique store. And what do you know, the universe plopped an antique doll with the perfect size glasses right in the window for me to see.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 I bought the doll and took the glasses to a jeweler to have the glasses attached to a chain. The jeweler suggested dipping it in silver so that it would last forever. Forever sounded good to me, so I had him do that. I mean it to commemorate our first kiss. Whenever you wear it, I want you to remember that magical moment,\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8221\'94 Evan said in a soft, sentimental voice. ]]<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 [[ Teardrops flowed down Sarah\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Evan. That\u8217\'92s so romantic and so sweet. I can\u8217\'92t believe I\u8217\'92m crying. I haven\u8217\'92t cried since I was a child.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::2>[[ Evan pulled Sarah close and hugged her. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that mean you like it?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ If Sarah had seen a necklace with a charm like this without any context. She would've not found it all that appealing. She might even find it juvenile, like something a preteen would wear. However in this situation, she generally saw its beauty and felt its sentiment. It indeed was the perfect gift for her. }
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 In her mind, at that moment, this necklace stood out far above all of her expensive jewelry that her parents had given her over the years to wear at countless business socials and charity balls. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love it! It\u8217\'92s the most wonderful, beautiful, stupendous gift I\u8217\'92ve ever received from anybody. I can\u8217\'92t believe I\u8217\'92m going to ask this, but if you kept the doll, may I have it?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah was shocked at her own desire to have the dowel that Evan got the glasses from. She had no idea what to do with the doll. She can't even remember if she's ever even had a doll. All she knew was that she had to have the doll! \endash  She just had to have it. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will bring it on Sunday,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah thanks Evan profusely. Possibly gives him a sensual kiss in gratitude for his gift. Maybe a warm hug as well. ]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want this night to end, but I need to get home. My friend is waiting, and I have an early class tomorrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No Worries. Can I ask you for one more thing, maybe two?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure can,\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah replied<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I get your last name? Maybe a phone number or an email?\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan joked<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 .}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ Sarah laughed out loud. ]] <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course you can.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>[[ She handed him a business card and told Evan to text his information to her. They enjoyed one more long passionate kiss before returning home.]]<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f4\fs28\b0\i1\cf5}