{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Name:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Jack Wilkins<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Gender:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Male<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Age:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Mid-60s<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Current residence:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Seattle, Washington<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Vehicle Driven:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Bentley luxury sedan<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Resembles:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Actor James Cromwell<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Eye Color:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Blue<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Hair Color:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Gray<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Height:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> 6\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'925\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>Body type:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> Tall and Slender<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1>Personality traits: <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::4>In terms of brand archetypes, he would be considered a Ruler.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His Myers-Briggs archetype is ISTJ.<!$Scr_Cs::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::2>What is the character's role in the novel?<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah was aware of the graduation party, but she was oblivious to the plaque that Guido and Evan had arranged for her, and more importantly, she had no clue about Evan's impending proposal. The final surprise was that Evan had invited her parents. They were kept in the dark about the proposal but were informed about the plaque presentation and asked to keep their visit a secret from Sarah. Evan's primary reason for their presence was for them to witness the proposal, a fact he kept hidden.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 What Evan did not know was that Sarah had been less than honest with her parents about her relationship with him. She had mentioned Evan to them but had understated the depth of her feelings for him, and his for her. In her father's mind, Evan was merely a social companion for Sarah, and he believed that after Sarah went to an Ivy League school, they would naturally drift apart. She gave the impression that her relationship with Evan was casual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 From the back of the party room, Sarah's parents watched the unexpected proposal unfold. Caught off guard, Sarah accepted Evan's proposal in the presence of all their friends. Her father's disappointment was evident in his expression as he exited the room. Despite having to put on a happy facade as the newly-engaged woman for the rest of the party, Sarah could not shake the image of her father's disapproval and the impending confrontation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 At the conclusion of the festivities, Sarah headed to her parents' hotel room, dreading the upcoming meeting. She could manage anger, but her father's evident disappointment was a far more challenging hurdle. Nevertheless, Sarah stood firm in her decision to marry Evan. Although her mind usually guided her decisions, this time, her heart was in control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In their meeting, her father did not display anger. Instead, he proposed a deal: he would continue to support her financially for one more month, allowing her time to make the 'right' decision, which in his eyes involved obtaining a Master's degree from a reputable Ivy League or business school and then returning to work for him in Seattle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Her parents agreed that Evan seemed like a nice young man, but they did not believe he was the right match for Sarah. They stated that they would bless the marriage only if she achieved her Master's degree and returned to Seattle; Evan was welcome to accompany her. However, if Sarah deviated from this plan, her father would terminate his financial support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Though some emotion escaped Sarah, the conversation remained civil. Sarah found her father's offer fair but also knew that Evan had already secured a job in Chicago and that he wanted to stay close to his sister. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 While she respected her father's stance, he, in turn, respected her decision, even though he disagreed with it. He, however, refused to provide financial support. Yet, he didn't sever ties with Sarah. They continued to stay in contact, and a few years later, when she and Evan were ready to start a business, he loaned them the startup capital. After all, he still loved his daughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The business proved to be a success, allowing Sarah to promptly repay the loan with interest.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Born on a farm to farmer parents in central Illinois.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His father was a no-nonsense man, and so was Jack.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He met his wife, Mildred, in high school and married her after college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had minimal time to enjoy free time in his childhood preteen years. He needed to help his family by attending to duties on the farm.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He got a paying job when he was old enough and started saving for college. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jack believed that hard work would win the day. It was difficult for him to watch his father work his hand to the bone to make ends meet while other kids in school had lazy, overweight fathers with white-collar jobs who made triple as much.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jack didn't want to be a struggling farmer, nor did he want to be a lazy white-collar worker. He wanted the best of both worlds. He intended to earn his wealth, embodying a farmer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work ethic and the determination of a money-minded entrepreneur. He knew college was vital.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He went to the University of Illinois because he could remain living at home as it was nearby.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He scraped by getting loans and working long hours to pay for tuition.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He graduated with a bachelor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s degree in business. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tired of working for others, with the support of his wife, Jack started his own business at just 25 years of age.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He experienced significant growth year after year \endash  eventually watching his company grow into a multimillion-dollar enterprise.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would never admit it, but he really wanted a son. He was secretly disappointed when his only child was to be a girl, Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon enough, he embraced his daughter. She showed signs of brilliance from an extremely early age. She accomplished all her childhood milestones well ahead of time. He decided to mentor Sarah as he would have a son.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shortly after speaking her first words, he began to prepare her to run the company in his place one day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This work for Sarah. She never felt cheated that she didn't have many friends or spent more time reading books than playing outside. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Occasionally, she would want to join in on the fun, and she tried. Her parents never forced anything on her that she didn't like. If She asked for a play date or trip to the park, they accommodated her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even to the point where, at 16, Sarah went to her mom and dad and said she wanted to see what it was like to have a boyfriend. Instead of being upset, her father took her to the store and bought condoms. He told her that if she was going to explore her sexuality, he wanted her to be safe. It was in an emotional bond of any kind. It was just responsible, rational thinking.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn't that he didn't love Sarah. He did, and Sarah loved him back. He lived a tough life and wanted Sarah to be tough, so love was never expressed through affection. Even when hugs were exchanged, it always looked and felt a little awkward.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 In narrative format, provide details about this character::}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3>Jack Wilkins is a tall, slender man in his mid-60s, with blue eyes and gray hair, resembling actor James Cromwell. He carries the no-nonsense demeanor instilled in him by his farmer father, a man who worked tirelessly to make ends meet. Born and raised on a farm in central Illinois, Jack was no stranger to hard work from a young age. He recognized early on that he did not want to follow in his father's footsteps, nor did he want to lead the life of what he saw as a complacent white-collar worker. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 For Jack, the path to prosperity laid in hard work and education. He maintained a job throughout his teenage years, saving money for college, all while continuing to contribute to the farm work. After high school, he attended the nearby University of Illinois, managing to cover his tuition through loans and working long hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 After earning his bachelor's degree in business, Jack was ready to break free from working under others. At just 25, with the support of his high school sweetheart and now wife, Mildred, Jack embarked on his entrepreneurial journey. His determination and strong work ethic paid off as his business venture steadily grew, eventually turning into a multimillion-dollar enterprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Fatherhood came with its disappointments and joys for Jack. His initial disappointment of having a daughter was swiftly replaced by pride when his daughter, Sarah, demonstrated early signs of brilliance. Jack nurtured Sarah's intellect and ambition, preparing her to eventually take over the family business. His approach to parenting mirrored his overall disposition in life, rational, pragmatic, and perhaps a bit distant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Jack's deep love for his daughter might not be easily discernible through his actions, but it has always been there. He desired Sarah to be tough and prepared for the world. The occasional awkwardness during their rare affectionate moments hinted at a man who struggled with expressing his emotions but never questioned the depth of his feelings. Jack Wilkins is not a man of many words, but his actions speak volumes about his character - a hard-working, pragmatic, and loving father who prepared his daughter for a world he knew was not always kind.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}}