{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 While Sarah chatted with Bridget, Liz observed her from across the\~table.\~Something about Sarah hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t changed since dinner\~began.\~*Is it the way she sits?* Liz\~thought.\~Finally, she broke her\~silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I gotta tell you, Sarah. You have the most perfect posture I've ever seen in my\~life.\~What's your secret?" Liz's eyes sparkled with\~curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah's eyes widened, emphasizing her\~answer.\~"Years of practice. My father actually hired a tutor to help me with posture and a whole bunch of other\~things."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I wish she would tutor my brother--Mr.\~Slouchy Slouch," Liz said, her voice laced with\~humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I don't think he has the patience for it," Sarah\~replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The women laughed in\~agreement.\~Evan, catching the drift, rolled his eyes but kept\~quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The conversation took a more serious turn when Liz focused her gaze on\~Evan.\~"What about your energy drop issues,\~Evan?\~Has there been any\~improvement?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Bridget, who knew of her son\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s occasional struggles, leaned forward with\~concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Come on, Liz, I've told you a hundred times I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m fine," Evan retorted, irritation coloring his\~words.\~He stood up to rinse his plate, hoping to steer the conversation\~away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "How thorough are those physicals,\~Evan?\~Do they do blood work?" Bridget asked, unable to hide her maternal\~worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "They're thorough\~enough, Mom.\~You think the fitness club would let me work there if I had even a hint of an\~issue?\~I rarely get those anymore." Evan snapped the dishwasher shut, frustrated by the incessant\~questioning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz turned her attention to\~Sarah.\~"Sarah, have you seen Evan experience drops in\~energy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Evan has more energy than any human being I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever met," Sarah assured\~them.\~But just as Evan began to smile, satisfied that someone was finally on his side, Sarah added, "But you know,\~Liz.\~Now that you mention it, there have been a couple of times where Evan\u8217\'92s energy seemed to fall off a\~cliff."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *Great, just what I needed,* Evan thought, his shoulders\~sagging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Let me guess, he just tells you that he just overdid\~it.\~And all the personal trainers experience this type of issue," Liz pressed, not ready to let the matter\~go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "That's exactly what he\~says!\~He never told me this has been an issue for a while," Sarah said, a new concern shading her\~voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Bridget nodded, her eyes narrowing slightly as she spoke. "Evan has been grappling with these episodes of energy loss since he was a child. I highly doubt the same can be said for his colleagues."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan jumped back in, almost\~defensively.\~"Yes, and when you took me to the doctor, they said nothing was\~wrong.\~They did blood work and it all came up negative for anything\~serious.\~They sent us home with iron\~pills."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Whenever I overdo it, I always take a couple days\~off.\~Make sure I eat right on those days and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m good as new in no\~time.\~Isn't that right, Sarah?" Evan looked to his girlfriend for\~support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah nodded, and the tension in the room seemed to deflate a\~little.\~"That is true. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92ve never worried about it\~before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan sighed in relief. "See, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a\~problem.\~I know you\u8217\'92re all worried, but I\u8217\'92m with Sarah now and I\u8217\'92m sure, now that she knows, she\u8217\'92s going to keep an eye on\~me.\~You\u8217\'92ll be the first one she contacts if she has any\~concerns."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 He looked at Sarah, seeking her\~confirmation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Is that a fair statement,\~Sarah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah nodded again, and everyone seemed to\~relax.\~At least, for\~now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *Author's Style: Third person limited,\~deep\~POV focusing on Sarah.\~Rich in dialogue with a blend of action and deep characterization.*}}