{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red76\green76\blue76;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red163\green101\blue209;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-157620\li227148\lin227148}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-210160\li302864\lin302864}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-157620\li227148\lin227148}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah and Evan Make Love<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 After discovering Sarah's room key and note that a staff member had slipped under his hotel room door, Evan's heart raced with anticipation. He entered her room to find her alluringly awaiting him under the covers, her eyes filled with desire and trust. In this intimate and profound moment, Sarah finally declared her love for him, words that he had longed to hear. Their connection deepened as they made love, not just a physical union but a cementing of their emotional bond, forging a connection that neither of them had ever felt before.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In the preceding scenes, Sarah entrusted a hotel staff member named Nina with a mysterious task: to slide an envelope under Evan's hotel room door. Obliging Sarah's request, Nina carried out her mission, leaving Evan to discover the envelope's contents. Upon opening it, Evan found a key to Sarah's room, accompanied by a note expressing her readiness to make love to him for the first time. The scene closed with Evan's joyous and excited reaction to this unexpected but welcome revelation.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah's Luxury Suite at the Grandeur Hotel. <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>A clear night.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>None<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Apprehensive, Nervous, Excited, Amorous.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Excited, Amorous.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::0>POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::0>Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::0>Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Beginning:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 After Nina had left to deliver the envelope to Evan, an immediate shot of fear consumed Sarah. Inexperienced in true intimacy within a loving relationship, she was at a loss for what to do. Uncertain of what to wear or where to position herself as she awaited Evan's arrival, she was gripped by indecision and doubt.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 She thought to herself, }{\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>If only I had planned this ahead of time, I would have purchased elegant lingerie for the moment. But none of what I have will suffice.<!$Scr_Cs::5><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Ultimately, she decided to undress completely and lie in bed beneath the covers, with both the sheet and comforter pulled up over her chest. Her choice was marked by caution, as she was nervous about revealing too much of her body, and it reflected the genuine, vulnerable anticipation she felt for this significant step in their relationship.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::3>- Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah's nerves rose to a peak as she heard the key card unlocking the door, the sound of a click that seemed to echo loudly in the room.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Evan entered slowly and gently closed the door.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf10 [ When Evan saw Sarah looking at the door, describe the detail of a romance novelist, his reaction to seeing his beautiful love awaiting him. ]<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Evan smiled and looked at Sarah. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 She nervously smiled back.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Evan presumed that she was fully undressed, hiding under the blanket, so he undressed and slid under the blanket next to her.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah lay rigid and stiff, with her hands tightly holding the blanket in position. Evan leaned in and kissed her gently.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Evan's kiss did not free Sarah from her nearly petrified state of anxiety.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Evan encouraged her to relax and let her know that everything was going to be okay.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Seeing she was so nervous, he asked Sarah what was the cause of her anxiousness.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 "I don't have experience making love. I don't think I'm going to be any good at it, at least not the first time." <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf10 [ Evan chuckled, finding Sarah's comments adorably amusing. ]<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 "Before we kissed for the first time, did you think you weren't going to be any good at kissing?"<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf10 [ Evan's question caused Sarah to think for a moment, allowing her body to relax a little bit as she contemplated the question. ]<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 "I didn't have time to think about it. The kiss happened naturally."<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs22\b0\i1\cf10 [ Sarah paused and then continued. ]<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 "If I had thought about it, I would have presumed, having little experience, that I would not have been a very good kisser."<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>[ Evan smiled, hoping Sarah got his point. ]<!$Scr_Cs::8><!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::7>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 "Let me tell you. That kiss and every kiss since has been amazing. However it goes tonight, it's going to be incredible. Because, I love you and that's what matters.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>[ Evan's words comforted Sarah and melted her simultaneously. Her whole body relaxed, and she was ready. Ready not just to make love but to finally say the words that Evan promised to cherish. Sarah's eyes watered. ]<!$Scr_Cs::8><!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::7>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::7>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 "I love you too, Evan. I love you so much!"<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>[<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f6\fs24\b0\i1\cf10  No verbal response from Evan was needed. His facial expression and smile told the story. ]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::3>-End: <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f7\fs26\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::8>[ This book is not erotica. However, I would like the end of this scene to be written in the style of a romance novelist. ]<!$Scr_Cs::8><!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah released her tight grip on the covers and relaxed her arms.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 She and Evan kissed softly and sensually, while Evan's hands explored her body, feeling the softness of her skin, causing her body to tingle and yearn for more.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 She found her hands naturally exploring Evan's body. Almost as if her hands had a mind of their own. The feel of his sculpted body increased her desire dramatically.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Evan slowly and gently rolled on top of her. He gazed softly into her eyes, silently asking permission to enter her.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 A gentle smile and a nod was the confirmation that Evan needed.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Finally, the moment was right. Evan and Sarah made soft, sensual love for the first time.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::9>Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In this scene, the readers see that Sarah has finally let go of her resistance to loving Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::9><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 This is the scene where she emphatically professes her love, and overcomes her apprehension about making love. With fear, resistance, and apprehension out of the way, Sarah and Evan made sensual love.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::9>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Key card to unlock Sarah's room.<!$Scr_Ps::9><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sheets.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::9>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::9>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5}