{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Consider having Evan's Mom attend.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Liz: Liz was excited to see her younger brother, as always. They shared a close, loving bond, and she missed him, having not seen him since early in the summer. Liz was particularly excited this trip because she finally got to meet Sarah, the girl Evan called "the one."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Joe: Joe's emotional state was neutral. He and Evan got along well. Overall, his feelings were neutral, but he was happy to see how joyful Liz was as she prepared food for the evening.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Evan: Evan was extremely excited. While he loved his sister, missed her, and looked forward to seeing her, his real excitement lay in introducing Sarah to Liz for the first time.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah: Sarah's emotional state was primarily neutral. She was not nervous about meeting Liz, but she had a busy workload she was itching to get back to. Had it been her choice, she would have stayed in Champaign and attended to her event coordinator duties. But Evan wanted to come home for a few days and introduce her to his sister. Sarah's primary motivation to join him had nothing to do with the holidays, but rather her feeling obligated to her boyfriend.}}