{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Late afternoon had settled into a gray, frigid embrace as Sarah's Audi Sedan sped north on I-57 Highway. Christmas melodies filled the car, notes dancing in the air and intertwining with Evan's cheerful humming. Evan's eyes sparkled like the lights that flickered past the window as he drove, his entire being in tune with the festive spirit. Beside him, Sarah's fingers danced on the keyboard, a staccato rhythm that echoed her determination to conquer her workload.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's happiness radiated, evident not only in the joyful tunes but in the way he swayed to the rhythm. Sarah felt a pang of envy as she stole glances at him. His enthusiasm was evident; it filled the car, but it also highlighted her own burden of responsibilities. Her lips curved into a forced smile, her eyes reflecting a mixture of admiration and a hint of longing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Is everything alright, Sarah?" Evan's voice held genuine concern, the cadence of his question a melody in itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She met his gaze, her smile stretching slightly, as if struggling to reach its full potential. "Just work, Evan. Don't worry about it," she replied, her voice a practiced melody masking the discordant notes in her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's brows furrowed, the notes of worry creeping into his eyes, but he didn't press further. Instead, he intertwined his fingers with hers, his touch seeking to bridge the gap of the unspoken. The gesture was a tender harmony, a silent reminder that they were in this together, regardless of the dissonance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the miles stretched before them, the tension between shared moments of silence and fleeting conversations swelled. Evan, the maestro of optimism, spoke of his sister Liz, her boyfriend Joe, and the cherished Christmas traditions they'd soon share. His words flowed like a soothing symphony, enveloping Sarah in his excitement, even as her thoughts occasionally wandered to the calls that awaited her attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I can't wait for you to meet Liz," Evan's voice was a crescendo, his eyes ablaze with eagerness. "And our surprise Christmas present. She is going to love it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's anticipation lingered like a suspended note, a question mark hung in the air. Sarah's smile wavered, like a melody caught in a minor key. She shifted in her seat, her fingers tapping a muted rhythm on the laptop's keys. The cold, gray day outside seemed to mirror her emotions, a discordant harmony against Evan's jubilation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Evan, tell me again about the movie you're keeping a secret?" Her voice was a plea for distraction, a way to divert her thoughts from the cacophony within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's grin widened, his eyes twinkling with mischief. "Now, if I told you that, it wouldn't be a surprise, would it? Trust me, Sarah, you're going to love it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah nodded, her lips curving into a semblance of enthusiasm. But as her gaze flitted between Evan and her laptop screen, her internal symphony of responsibilities played on, a counterpoint to Evan's melodies of mirth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's enthusiasm remained unyielding, his words a steady rhythm in the backdrop of her thoughts. "I can't wait for you to meet Liz!" he declared, his excitement palpable. "And our surprise Christmas present. She is going to love it!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Their conversations and shared silences blended into a tapestry of emotions, woven with threads of Evan's joy and Sarah's conflicting desires. The landscape transformed from one cityscape to another, yet the strains of Sarah's internal symphony remained constant, a reminder of her responsibilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Evan, remind me to call Marcus later," Sarah interjected, her fingers pausing their tapping. "There are details about the New Year's Eve parties that need to be discussed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's eyes bore into her, understanding mingling with concern. "I will, Sarah. But remember, this is our time together. Work can wait for a while."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's smile was fragile, her eyes a mix of gratitude and conflict. "I know, Evan. I'm trying."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Evan continued to share stories and plans for their trip, Sarah's thoughts swirled like notes in a complex composition. His excitement was infectious, an invitation to join his melody of joy. She yearned to harmonize with him, to find her own moments of respite from her internal discord.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The car's turn signaled a detour, a new melody added to the chorus. Evan's eyes sparkled with mischief. "Let's make a quick stop," he suggested, his tone eager.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah hesitated before closing her laptop, her fingers reluctant to part from the keyboard. "Sure, why not," she acquiesced, offering Evan a fleeting smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan steered them into a neighborhood adorned with holiday decorations. Sarah's gaze drifted from her laptop screen to the twinkling lights, her attempts to immerse herself in the festive scene challenged by the persistent hum of her responsibilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Evan, look at that house!" she exclaimed, her voice a mix of genuine awe and forced enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan grinned, his excitement unwavering. "Isn't it incredible? This street is famous for its decorations."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As they drove}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , Evan's words merged with the twinkling lights, the harmony of his voice contrasting against the dissonance in Sarah's mind. He pointed out each display, his commentary like notes of joy that floated on the chilly air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Finally, they arrived at Liz's apartment complex, the journey culminating in this moment of anticipation. Evan practically bounded out of the car, his enthusiasm palpable, as he retrieved their luggage and gifts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah remained in the car for a moment, the warmth wrapping around her like a comforting embrace. Evan's energy was contagious, and as she stepped out of the car, the transition from warmth to cold seemed to mirror her inner journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's eyes met hers, filled with concern. "You seem a bit off, Sarah," he observed, the melody of worry threading through his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She met his gaze, her heart a mix of gratitude and guilt. "I'm here, Evan," she assured him, her voice a soft counterpoint to his worries. "I'm excited to meet Liz and her boyfriend."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's smile returned, though a shadow of uncertainty lingered. "I just want you to enjoy this trip with me. Liz is going to love you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah squeezed his hand, the gesture a chord of affirmation. "I'm already enjoying it, Evan. And I can't wait to meet Liz."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a sense of renewal, they turned to Liz's door, a new chapter awaiting them. As Sarah's knuckles met the door, a sudden panic gripped her. She turned to Evan, her eyes wide with faux horror. "Am I going to have to wear an ugly Christmas sweater?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's laughter erupted, a hearty sound that echoed in the hallway. His mirth was infectious, and as he laughed, Sarah found herself joining in. She felt her shoulders relax, a sigh of relief escaping her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You have nothing to worry about," Evan assured her between chuckles. "I wouldn't be caught dead in one of those things."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's lips curled into a genuine smile, her relief evident in the softness of her expression. "Thank God," she murmured, her voice a mix of gratitude and amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With Evan's laughter still ringing in the air, they stood at Liz's door, their hands intertwined. In this moment of connection, they were ready to face whatever surprises awaited them on the other side.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}