{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I'm considering after switching them to humor, ending the scene on a bit of mystery to make them want to turn the page to the next scene.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Do you think this mystery moment is a good idea, or should we just leave it at the levity ending?}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Below is a draft of what I was thinking ending the scene with. The reader will have to turn the page to  find out why the door opened before sarah knocked  and who was on the other side of the door. Let me know your thoughts and rewrite my sentence into something more compelling and usable:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With that mini-manic moment out of the way, Sarah raised her hand to knock on Liz's door, but before her knuckles reached the wood of the door, it opened.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I don't want to start the sentence explicitly discussing the levity from the moment before. The reader can enjoy that levity. In reality, Sarah's relieved and does see the humor in what she said, but her heart still beating a little fast from that manic moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 So if anything, the lead sentence to this paragraph, would express that now she's relieved, and ready to knock on the door. It wasn't a very traumatic moment, it was more funny, but in that split second it was a moment of many panic to Sarah. When humans have that moment, it takes a few minutes for their heart rate or Koran normal so there still little adrenaline flowing through her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Also want to don't want to go to explicit on the Mistery of the scene. It's just and with the door opening, no hint or foreshadowing of what might be behind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just so you know, the next scene will pick up with humor again when Liz opens the door hearing Evan's hearty laugh. And guess what she's wearing? An ugly Christmas sweater. Which of course will make Liz and Evan laugh, and make Sarah want to run away and hide. But that's quickly resolved, once Liz gives Sarah a big hug. Liz would never be offended by a comment like that .}}