{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, the lives of two seniors, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn, unfolded with divergent rhythms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was a heart-throb, his athletic physique and charisma making him a beloved figure. Raised by his gentle-hearted sister Liz, he had learned to treat everyone with respect, whether they were a high-profile football captain or a humble water boy. But his academic skills didn't mirror his athletic prowess. He held no love for stuffy classrooms, preferring the call of the wild outdoors. But he'd promised Liz he'd aim for a GPA of 3.0 and he intended to keep his word. Hence, he turned his back on the free-spirited games with his friend Guido, immersing himself in study at the undergraduate library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, conversely, was an academic luminary, her eyes set firmly on graduating as the class valedictorian. The library was her fortress, where she lost herself in intricate audio seminars and prepared for her teaching assistant role in a Business-101 class. A future CEO of her father's corporation, she had sworn off any romantic entanglements until she had her Master's degree in hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Destiny decided to interweave their lives when an engrossed Sarah, oblivious to her surroundings, nearly took a tumble down a wide flight of steps. Evan's quick reflexes saved the day, as he swept her up in a twirling dance move that culminated in a fiery, unexpected kiss. Flustered, Sarah fled, leaving her glasses behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Days later, Evan tracked her down, the repaired glasses meant as a charming gesture. In spite of her initial resistance, Sarah found herself yielding to his charm, and they agreed to meet in the food court. There, witnessing Evan's popularity, she doubted herself and the feasibility of their bond, leading her to flee again. Evan, however, wasn't one to be easily discouraged, and following another electrifying kiss, they agreed on a date.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In a twist of events, Sarah found herself relying on Katie Andrews, an earnest student from her class, to help her prepare for the date. With a modernized makeover, Sarah started reassessing her rigid resolution against college romances. If she was to step into this whirlwind, it would be with a well-laid plan, ensuring her academics wouldn't suffer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan agreed to her terms. Ever since their first kiss, he'd been smitten, and now, they officially began their journey as a couple. Sarah slowly allowed herself to explore her dormant romantic side, while Evan improved academically under her guidance. Yet, while they relished the present, the future was a book unopened, Sarah undecided about attending an Ivy League school, and Evan, unbeknownst to her, planning a surprise proposal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 At their graduation party, Evan's proposal caught Sarah off-guard. Though her pragmatic side hesitated, her heart responded with a 'yes.' But her fears of disappointing her father, whom she had misled about the intensity of her relationship with Evan, lingered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her father presented her with a choice: follow Evan to Chicago while pursuing her Master's, or adhere to her initial plan. The repercussions of choosing Evan and a life in Chicago would result in the cessation of his financial aid. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Now, Sarah was caught in a dilemma. She was aware of Evan's loyalty towards his sister and his potential job in Chicago, and she was unwilling to put her needs before his. Thus, she was left with a difficult decision: follow the path she had meticulously planned or give in to the unpredictable call of love. And when the time came, Sarah chose Evan, her heart finally outweighing her calculated judgments.}}