{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan caught Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye and seized the moment to lighten the atmosphere. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been awfully quiet, Joe. I think it\u8217\'92s your turn to get some attention. How about we all interrogate you for a while!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe leapt to his feet, a grin stretching across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotta go finish carving the turkey for leftovers tomorrow!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laughter filled the room, washing away any lingering tension and replacing it with the warm glow of holiday cheer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I noticed you rubbing that cute little pendant. I\u8217\'92ve never seen anything like that before. Is it some worry-stone-like charm?\u8221\'94 Bridget\u8217\'92s eyes twinkled as she addressed Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz chimed in, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I also noticed you rubbing it earlier. It is adorable!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze swung toward Evan. \u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t tell them about my pendant?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan shifted in his seat, averting his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, it\u8217\'92s no big deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be embarrassed for buying your girlfriend such a cute gift, Evan.\u8221\'94 Bridget\u8217\'92s tone was tender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips parted before she even had time to think. \u8220\'93He didn\u8217\'92t exactly buy it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, happy the focus remained on Evan and not him, chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do, Evan? Steal it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan shot him a wry smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a regular stand-up comedian, Joe. Maybe you should take your act on the road.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe smirked back, clearly enjoying the banter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tempt me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz cut in, twirling a strand of her hair around her finger as she did when she was intrigued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet, you two! What do you mean, Sarah, when you say Evan didn\u8217\'92t exactly buy it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah felt the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention pivot back to her. She met Liz\u8217\'92s gaze, and a warmth flushed over her, making her feel like she was sitting in the coziest corner of a family home she never knew she had missed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah glanced at Evan and sensed an unfamiliar awkwardness shrouding him.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Is he embarrassed? Or just modest? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She decided to take the plunge. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I share our story?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan met the expectant gazes of his mother and sister. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead. I\u8217\'92m sure I\u8217\'92d be disowned if I said no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As Sarah recounted the tale of her pendant, something uncharacteristic happened: her voice warmed, her face lit up, and her gestures animated the air around her. In her classroom, she might be stiff and monotone, but here, her words dripped with an excitement that held her audience captive. Her eyes shimmered with emotion when she reached the end of her tale. Liz and her Mom sat with misty eyes, awed by her story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gosh, it\u8217\'92s so hard to believe my bratty little brother is even capable of doing something like that,\u8221\'94 Liz said, squinting at Evan. \u8220\'93Now\u8217\'92s the time to come clean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe eyed Liz incredulously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When have you ever heard Evan lie about something unless it was to protect someone\u8217\'92s feelings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can name a few times,\u8221\'94 Liz retorted. \u8220\'93Like when he took mom\u8217\'92s car for a joy ride in the middle of the night when she was sleeping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was fifteen. We could swap some secrets if you\u8217\'92re in the mood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no,\u8221\'94 Liz backpedaled, her eyes twinkling. \u8220\'93It was actually me who took the car that night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Laughter erupted around the table again, a warm endnote to their lively discussion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah returned to the topic at hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan had it custom-made for me. The jeweler who crafted it even polished it for me recently. I guess I do use it as a comfort source.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Truly, Evan. That\u8217\'92s a gift to be treasured,\u8221\'94 Bridget whispered, clearly touched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz shook her head in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92d a thunk it? My bratty little brother is sweet as pie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Taking advantage of the moment, Evan stood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speaking of pie, who\u8217\'92s ready for some apple pie?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Despite being stuffed from dinner, everyone agreed to a thin slice of pie to sweeten their palette after a savory feast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Although their stomachs protested, already sated by the sumptuous feast, everyone found just enough room for a delicate slice of pie. The pie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sweetness was the perfect epilogue to an evening of savory abundance and emotional warmth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}