{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 Title: Help Chris LeQuire Fight Stage 4 Cancer and Rebuild His Life}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Description:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Chris's Courageous Battle Against Cancer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 In July 2021, Chris LeQuire, a loving father and dedicated tradesman, was diagnosed with Stage 4 Papillary Thyroid Cancer, turning his life on its head. His initial surgery, aimed at removing a grapefruit-sized tumor in his neck, spiraled from a 3-hour procedure into a harrowing 13-hour ordeal, with Chris requiring resuscitation three times. Unfortunately, not all the cancerous cells could be removed, leading him into an unrelenting battle with cancer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The journey that followed was fraught with challenges. Insurance issues delayed the start of Chris's chemotherapy to mid-2022. The pill-based treatment, when it began, offered only minor tumor reduction and brought severe side effects like blood clots, leading to heart attacks and necessitating two stent implant surgeries. Each new prescription meant a different set of challenges, disrupting any sense of normalcy in Chris's life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As 2023 progressed, Chris's battle against cancer was characterized by the continuous starting and stopping of different chemotherapy treatments, each bringing its own array of side effects. Looking ahead to 2024, it is evident that Chris's journey is far from over. The upcoming months, potentially stretching into years, will continue to test his resilience as he faces each new phase of treatment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The next step in Chris's treatment plan involves a shift to radiation therapy at Winship Cancer Institute in Atlanta. This new approach marks a significant transition in his multi-year battle, showcasing his unwavering determination to fight against all odds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 The Weight of Medical and Living Expenses}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The financial toll of Chris\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cancer journey is overwhelming. His medical bills are soaring, and his income, solely derived from short-term disability payments (a substantial portion of which is returned as insurance premiums), barely covers the costs. Additionally, Chris faces the challenge of frequent travel to Atlanta for treatment, a six-hour round trip, often necessitating costly hired transportation services due to the unreliability of his aging vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Compounding these challenges is Chris\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s living situation. Residing in a month-to-month lease in a small manufactured home, Chris is separated from his beloved cats, Samson and Smokey, who provide much-needed emotional support. Due to pet restrictions, they are temporarily housed with a friend, leaving Chris to cope with his illness without their comforting presence. Finding an affordable, pet-friendly residence, given his financial constraints, seems almost insurmountable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 A Plea for Compassionate Assistance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 We've set up this GoFundMe with the following goals:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Transportation}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Reliable transportation for Chris's frequent and necessary trips to Atlanta for treatment.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Stable Housing}{\f0\fs26\b0 : A pet-friendly living arrangement, reuniting Chris with Samson and Smokey, and providing a more stable and comforting environment.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Day-to-Day Survival}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Ensuring Chris can manage his basic living expenses, reducing the stress of financial uncertainty.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 4.	}{\f0\fs26\b1 Medical Bills}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Assistance with the mounting medical expenses incurred from his ongoing treatments and surgeries.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 A Call to Action}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Chris, at 53, is in the prime of his life but faces a battle that demands more than individual resilience. Your support offers not just financial relief, but hope and a path to recovery. Contributions will help Chris focus on overcoming cancer and returning to a fulfilling life. By supporting this campaign, you're helping a father, friend, and valued community member during a critical time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Let's stand together for Chris LeQuire. Your generosity can make a profound difference in his life at this pivotal moment. We thank you for your kindness and support in helping Chris navigate this challenging journey.}}