{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0105 Evan and Guido in the Quad}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Evan, Guido}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Evan's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quad\u8221\'94 At the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Time of Day}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Morning}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Humorous}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li230\fi-10\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Although the scene is meant to be humorous and lighthearted, it is important for the reader to understand that Evan takes his promises to his sister Liz seriously. His sister is very important to him and he never want to disappoint her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This is optional information to use or not use as you please. Evan and Guido often engage in "good-natured ribbing."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 If Evan's academic prowess is mentioned, the reader should understand, that Evan is no genius, nor is he a dumb athlete. He is above average in intelligence, but his lack of enthusiasm for the classroom environment and homework assignments prevents him from getting better grades. It is not a requirement that you mention any of these, but if you do I wanted the reader to understand.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li260\fi-11\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Provide a vivid description of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Quad.\u8221\'94 Be sure to include the perfect weather conditions. We want to give the reader a good high-energy feel about this perfect day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan and Guido are playing Frisbee in the Quad. Evan decides to head to the library for extra study time to keep his grade point average above 3.0 \endash  a promise he made to his sister Liz. His didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fear Liz. Liz is quite nurturing, and his motivation for keeping his promise wants to honor his promise and make her proud. Be subtle about this.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This scene should end as Evan leaves the Quad. Don't get him to close to the library in this scene. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 4.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Include dialogue in this scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}