{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-664208\li957200\lin957200}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li45461\lin45461}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-11835\li17055\lin17055}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-11835\li34096\lin34096}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li12791\lin12791}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-8876\li25572\lin25572}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah Feels Awkward at a Football Watch Party<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan had invited Sarah to watch the Monday night Chicago Bears football game at his softball coach's house. Over a dozen of Evan's friends were also there to watch the game. After the game, they partied with loud music and drinking games, including beer pong. Sarah had felt out of place and had sat quietly next to Evan while everyone else had been drinking and cheering for the Bear.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 As much as Sarah wishes she could integrate with Evan's circle of friends, it's not happening. She shares no interests with any of them, and a night of drinking and loud noise watching the Bears game is probably the play she least wants to be. But Evan invited her, and she agreed to go. This scene is that party.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li950\fi-950\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-950\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Location:}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-274\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 The event takes place in the palatial residence of Evan's softball coach, a successful local businessman. The house is situated in an upscale neighborhood, embodying the epitome of luxury and modern architecture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Key Areas:}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-274\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 The Great Room}{\f0\fs26\b0 : The centerpiece of the house's entertainment capabilities, this expansive room boasts a 20-foot-high ceiling that adds grandiosity to the space. Natural light floods in through tall windows during the day, while ambient lighting fixtures create a cozy atmosphere at night. Anchoring the room is a sprawling sectional sofa upholstered in premium fabric, large enough to comfortably seat Evan and his friends. Additional chairs, stylish yet ergonomic, are strategically placed to maximize the viewing angle for the 90-inch flatscreen TV that hangs on the wall, dominating the room. A state-of-the-art surround sound system elevates the auditory experience to a cinematic level.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 The Kitchen}{\f0\fs26\b0 : Adjacent to the great room, the open-concept kitchen serves as a culinary haven for guests. No detail is too small\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 from the marble countertops to high-end appliances\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all designed for efficient cooking and serving. Most notably, the refrigerator is fully stocked, containing an array of drinks and premade snacks, as well as a generous selection of alcohol.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b1 The Game Area}{\f0\fs26\b0 : To the left of the great room, the entertainment continues. A full-sized, sleekly designed pool table invites friendly competition. Positioned on the wall near the pool table is a regulation dartboard, complete with professional-grade darts. Rounding out this area are video game setups, including a couple of gaming consoles connected to smaller flat-screen TVs. All this is located within the open layout, making it easy for guests to flow between different activities while still being part of the collective experience.}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-274\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Ambience:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The atmosphere is casual and inviting, blending a sports-bar vibe with the comfort of a high-end home. Soft textures and warm colors complement the primarily wooden and metallic finishes, and decorative sports memorabilia adorn the walls. The air is filled with the sound of friendly banter, the cheering of fans, and the aroma of freshly-prepared snacks wafting in from the kitchen.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li950\fi-274\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Monday night<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> N/A<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Guido, Patti, Roxanne, Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s softball coach, and several others in Evan's circle of friends<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> The only thing Evan loads more than watching football on TV is watching his favorite team, the Chicago Cubs, on TV. But it's football season, and the Chicago Bears are playing an important game on Monday night. Evan is excited to be watching the game and both grateful and excited that Sarah has agreed to join him.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah is only attending this Monday night football watch party because, on their first date, she agreed that she would leave her comfort zone when Evan requested that she could do so. She could have made excuses to get out of the Monday night game, but she wanted to be true to the contract. Truth be told, she wanted to be anywhere else but where she was.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 1.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>This is the first and only time this house will be the setting in the book. So provide a vivid description to start the scene, and as needed use the information provided in this profile to include details of the house whenever appropriate. We want the readers to feel immersed in the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 2.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan and Sarah arrive about 30 minutes before the game.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 3.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 It is already too loud for Sarah's liking. The one saving grace is that Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s softball coach has a large selection of wine, and Evan agreed to be the designated driver tonight.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 4.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 The wine took the edge off of what would become a painful night. Here are just a few reasons why it was painful.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 5.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Twelve people screaming obscenities at the TV every time a bad play was made or a referee made a bad call.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 6.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t know anything about football and didn't want to learn anything about football.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 7.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 The Bears were losing by a landslide, and so gradually friends trickled into the the adjoining area playing drinking games like beer pong or loud video games.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 8.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Besides Evan, Patti was the only one who made any effort to speak to Sarah. But as nice as Patti was, her and Sarah really don't have anything in common, and she couldn't hear herself or Patti speak anyway.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 9.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 The only saving grace was that Evan never left her side for very long. He didn't play any drinking games, video games, or play pool.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 10.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan could see that she was not enjoying herself and as soon as the game ended, he excused himself again for the second time blaming himself for needing to get home to study for test the next day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 11.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah apologized to Evan after the game for not being more involved, interested, or social. However, Evan said it was he that should've apologized. He should've known it was too soon to throw her into the lions den of Monday Night Football drinking and partying.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 12.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Although the night ended with a lovely passionate good night kiss, Sarah wondered how she was going to continue in the relationship when she can't get engage Evan's friend's. She truly felt like a fish out of water.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The scene shows a continued theme throughout the book. Sarah is not connecting with Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s friends, and pretty clear that she never will. But she doesn't want her relationship with Evan to and, and she does want to honor the contract. This scene shows the difficult mental dynamics Sarah is struggling with in her new relationship with Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 N/A<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}