{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Number:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> 0208<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah prepares for Evan's first visit to her apartment.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sluggers Sports Bar and Grill<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Location Description:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sluggers sports bar and Grill was a bustling hub of activity, alive with the energy of sports enthusiasts and casual diners alike. As soon as you walked through the door, the atmosphere embraced you with the inviting aroma of grilled meats, the clinking of glasses, and the hum of conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The walls were adorned with memorabilia from various sports: framed jerseys, signed baseball bats, vintage football helmets, and photographs of famous athletes in action. A collection of trophies and medals glinted from glass shelves, celebrating local achievements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Flat-screen TVs were mounted strategically around the bar, each tuned to a different game or sports channel. The bar itself was a handsome wooden structure, polished to a shine and lined with stools where patrons enjoyed their favorite brews. Behind the bar, an array of bottles and taps offered a wide selection of beers, cocktails, and soft drinks, tended by friendly, efficient bartenders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The dining area was filled with a mix of booths and tables, each topped with a red-and-white checkered tablecloth, providing a cozy and casual feel. The menu was a hearty mix of classic bar fare: burgers, wings, nachos, and salads, all served in generous portions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 A game room at the back of the establishment housed pool tables, dartboards, and arcade games, offering additional entertainment for those looking to engage in friendly competition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The overall ambiance of the place was one of camaraderie and excitement, a place where friends gathered to enjoy good food, watch the game, and celebrate victories both big and small. The blend of warm lighting, the eclectic sports-themed decor, and the buzz of laughter and cheers created a comfortable and vibrant setting that welcomed everyone, whether a die-hard sports fan or just someone looking for a satisfying meal and a good time.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>1:30 PM<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Not relevant<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan, Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Guido (boisterous, leading the celebration) and a dozen friends (various personalities, all excited about the win)<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Happy, proud, na\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFve about how Patti will respond to Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Sarah:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Outwardly quiet, inside feeling outcast, reflecting on her historical struggle to connect with peers<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Guido and Friends: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Elated, engaging in lively banter and celebration<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate (mix of lively group chatter and Sarah's minimal responses)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Heavy (focusing on Sarah's emotions, memories, and feelings of inadequacy)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah and Evan enter the bar. They are the first ones to arrive. Guido called ahead and made the reservation. Evan gives the host Guido's name, and the host seats them.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Middle: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Friends trickle in, lively and proud. Most are loud and proud, high-fiving Evan with hugs and handshakes galore. The group is a mixture of college-aged men and women. Some are single, and some are couples.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Eventually and quite intentionally, the loudest of them all, Guido comes in, bragging about the fact that he drove in the winning run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  Sarah feels like an outcast, no one engages her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Unaware of Patti's feelings for Evan or her history with Evan, Sarah secretly hopes she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll arrive soon and sit beside her. Patti was the one friend that seemed friendly toward her. However, Patti is a no-show. Patti's not ready to be around Evan and Sarah in an environment like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan asks Roxanne where Patti is. Roxanne glares at Sarah but doesn't disclose Patti's true reason for bailing on the party. While glaring at Sarah, Roxanne said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She wasn't feeling well.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Transitions: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah's internal dialogue and Evan's engagement with friends bridge the three parts, leading to the eventual decision to leave.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 End: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Shortly after dinner, the scene ends with Sarah whispering to Evan that she wants to go. Usually, Evan would stay for another two hours enjoying drinks with his friends. He made an excuse, blaming himself for needing to study for a test he wasn't ready for. He didn't want his friends upset that Sarah wanted to leave so early.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Of course, his friends try to convince him to stay. Some teased him. Some tried to persuade him, but all in a fun, friendly way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan stuck with his excuse, and they left the party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 During the walk to the party, Sarah asked Evan if he could drive. She was distraught over her performance at the party. She felt like she had failed. A feeling Sarah was quite unaccustomed to. She wanted to cry, but crying from emotional duress was foreign to Sarah. She was okay shedding happy tears, like tears that flowed when Evan gave her the pendant. But she refused to cry due to her feeling of failure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Of course, Evan didn't feel like she failed at all. He reassures her that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s common for someone new to the group to be less talkative the first few times during the get-together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Ultimately, Sarah drops off Evan at his apartment. Sarah exits the car to move to the driver's seat, but she gets Evan's comforting and reassuring kiss before she drives away. She pretends that she feels better, but her inner dialogue says differently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The scene should end with her driving home, silently admonishing herself. She begins to question whether she should have violated her no-dating rule and entered a relationship with Evan in the first place.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 This scene shows how much Sarah struggles to connect in a social environment unrelated to a business or nonprofit venture. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The struggle is made worse by her lifetime inability to connect socially and emotionally with peers of her age.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 We also see how Sarah measures herself in a very black-and-white, success or failure way.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Show Sarah's struggle to connect in social environments and how this contrasts with the group's enjoyment. Highlight her black-and-white thinking regarding success or failure.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Food, Drink, TV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on the wall (integrated into the scene as characters interact with them).<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Tone:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Lively for the group; for Sarah, isolated, outcast, insecure, inadequate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Specific Lines: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>More emphasis on the game discussion, Guido ensuring that beers remain full, teasing towards Evan, all contrasting with Sarah's quiet responses.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Introductory Description: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>As previously provided<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Integration of Setting: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Characters interact with the environment; memorabilia, TV screens, etc., play a role in the scene.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Emphasize }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah's Perspective: Use deep POV and internal dialogue to highlight her overwhelming feelings.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Contrast in Experience:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Emphasize the joy of the group and Sarah's isolation to make the reader feel the overwhelming noise and energy as she does.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Build Transitions: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Use dialogue, actions, and internal thoughts to smoothly lead from one part to the next.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 .}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5><!$Scr_Ps::5>}}