{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan Embraces Volunteer Work<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 After a strenuous Saturday working with a nonprofit organization, Evan's friends headed home, but the experience profoundly transformed Evan. Inspired by the selfless teen Diego, who chose to volunteer over typical leisure activities, Evan became deeply committed to the cause. His newfound passion led him to give up his entire Sunday, even forgoing his treasured softball game, to continue volunteering and making a difference.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The day of volunteer work, cleaning up debris caused by the tornado, was done. The Sun had just begun to set. In the previous scene, Evan befriended a young teen volunteering his time and energy to the project without being asked. Evan took him under his wing, and they worked together throughout the day.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Farmlands of central Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Just before sunset.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Typical c}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 hilly fall early raving in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah, Evan, Diego, Katie<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Volunteers<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi14\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\cf8 - Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Evan was worn out from a hard day's work. However, he was filled with inspiration and gratitude for the experience he'd just had. He never knew that helping others in such tragic circumstances would be so rewarding. He was particularly energized by meeting the young teen volunteer, Diego. Diego had a similar family background, and they bonded quickly. A whirlwind of thoughts and emotions was triggered by Diego. He remembered how his father had abandoned him for another woman. But more than anything, he dreamed that one day he would be a father, a good father, unlike his own. And in his dream, there was only one woman on his mind - Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah was impressed by Evan's transformation. He never ceased to astonish her. Although Evan was sweaty and dirty from a hard day's work, Sarah found herself attracted to him, not because of his appearance but despite it. After hearing about Evan's day and seeing his willingness to give up his softball game to help out more, Sarah couldn't resist herself. She gave him a big hug and a gentle kiss on the worksite. Although most people had gone home, it was still a big step for Sarah..<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Katie:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Katie was exhausted, but you wouldn't know it by looking at her. She set aside her exhaustion and remained perky and happy.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Diego:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> Diego was happy and feeling proud of himself. But his overriding feeling was hunger. This boy loved to eat. This was meant as funny, not as an indication of actual starvation.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3><$Scr_Ps::1><!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3> <!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 [ The scene begins at sunset, the end of the scheduled work for cleanup day. Evan and Diego are off to the side while most of the other volunteers are headed for their cars. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Evan and Diego leaned against an old tractor, Each holding an ice cold bottle of your in their hand. The aged tractor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s once vibrant color now lost beneath layers of rust and wear. The machinery, though still sturdy, bore the signs of many years of hard labor. Patches of faded red paint clung stubbornly to the metal, offering glimpses of its former glory, while the majority of the surface was overtaken by a rusty patina. Exposed gears and weathered levers hinted at a time when the tractor was a vital part of daily farm life. The large rubber tires were cracked and worn, and the seat was frayed, revealing the cushioning inside. Despite its dilapidated appearance, there was a sense of nostalgia and resilience about the tractor, as if it held within it the stories and memories of the fields it had once tended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Evan and Diego, resting against the time-worn tractor, turned their gazes to the horizon, where the flatlands of central Illinois were bathed in the glow of a breathtaking sunset. The sky, a canvas of oranges, pinks, and purples, seemed to be on fire as the sun dipped lower, casting a serene and otherworldly light across the land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Below this celestial masterpiece, however, lay a stark contrast. The ground was scarred and strewn with debris, a grim testament to the tornado's wrath. Homes were reduced to rubble, trees uprooted, and fields laid waste. The juxtaposition was both haunting and beautiful, a poignant reminder of nature's dual ability to both create and destroy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 As the two young men watched, the thought occurred to them that the same sky that now painted a picture of tranquility had, just days before, unleashed a fury capable of tearing a town apart. It was as if the heavens were offering an apology, a gentle caress to soothe the soul after a violent outburst. The beauty of the moment was not lost on them, and they sat in reflective silence, contemplating the fickle and awe-inspiring nature of the world, where beauty and devastation coexisted in a delicate and eternal dance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7  [ Evan held  his root beer bottle in the air to toast Diego's bottle. A gesture of gratitude for a job well done. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Evan: "You did a great job out there today Diego."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 [ Diego think them and they clinked the bottlenecks of their bottles together in a toast. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 [ Katie came to retrieve them. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Katie: "There you guys are. I've been looking all over the place."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Evan: "What's up?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Katie: "I want to make sure Diego was safely on his way before got too dark. Plus I want to meet our unexpected, hard-working volunteer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Evan: "Come on buddy. Finisher bear and throw it in the trash can. "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 [ Katie giggled watching Evan and Diego unintentionally, simultaneously finished off their root beers and toss them in the nearby garbage can. She thought they were adorable. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Sarah was sitting on the steps of the mobile office. The crisp cool air was refreshing after spending the last four hours dealing with crisis after crisis in the stuffy mobile office.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - End: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 We showed Evan transforming right before Sarah's eyes. It wasn't so much that he was changing, but he was growing. He began to look beyond college and decided the kind of man he wanted to be, and the kind of life he wanted to live. This day had changed Evan's life forever. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 We also saw Sarah transforming at a lesser level. Sarah was still more Jekyll and Hyde than permanent growth. When she was around Evan, she was able to express herself emotionally. But when Evan was not around, she returned to the woman she was before. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 This was also setting up for the next scene where Patti had been pressured into confronting Evan about Sarah. She brought up the fact that he was giving up his softball game because of Sarah. In this scene, we revealed to the reader that Evan had decided to work a little bit later, not go home and party with his friends, but instead, go home with Sarah and spend a quiet evening alone with her.<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\cf5 Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Bottles of root beer}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 An old tractor}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Tractor. <!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}}