{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah and Evan elope in a small chapel in central Illinois. While Sarah outwardly appears joyful during the ceremony, doubts linger within her. She loves Evan deeply but can't suppress the yearning to return to the life and plans she had before meeting him. Her conflicting emotions create a bittersweet undertone to the celebration.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 In order to save herself a month in limbo contemplating her father's ultimatum to choose between a life with Evan and the life she had planned before college, Sarah suggested to Evan that they elope. Evan enthusiastically agreed, and this is the scene where they elope.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan was excited. He was about to begin his life with the woman of his dreams.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> The wedding did nothing to diminish Sarah's inner turmoil and conflict. She was a happy bride on the outside, but I hot twisted mess on the inside.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3>This is the scene before the final climaxing. Sarah was hoping eloping with Evan would relieve her of her inner turmoil and uncertainty with her decision to marry him, but the wedding ceremony did not resolve her internal conflict.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::4>}}