{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0121 Evan is a Man With a Plan}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Evan}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Evan's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Time of Day}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Morning}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Locations}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : In the car, driving to campus.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Optimistic, hopeful}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Do not refer to Evan as "penny-pinching." Stay away from synonyms of that as well. For example, don't use the word frugal when describing Evan. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was in the car alone. There are no other characters in this scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The scene starts with Evan driving to campus in his old but reliable vehicle }{\f0\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 \endash  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 a Subaru small SUV with over a hundred thousand miles, about what you'd expect for a financially struggling college student.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The weather was perfect like it was the day he and Sarah met.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He was playing an energetic song on the radio. The Cubs were on a three-game winning streak. His team won their Sunday softball game. Life was Good.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido successfully talked Evan out of hours of Internet searching, seeking his mystery girl. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido also convinced Evan what a sorry sight he was sitting in the rain waiting for a woman that would never show. And even if she did, she might find the site of a desperate man unappealing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This morning, Evan woke up with an inspired idea. He was sure it would meet with success. It was like the Universe planted this thought seed in his mind overnight. He couldn't believe he didn't think of it before.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Upon waking up, he remembered how Sarah was dressed like a professor.  He thought, "She is probably a bookworm. Where do I find a bookworm? The library. Duh!"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This revelation injected an air of confidence in Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 When he got to campus, he was going to the spot of their first kiss. If she weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there, he wouldn\u8217\'92t wait futilely outside. Instead, he would head down into the undergrad library \endash  where he was certain he would find her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This scene is primarily a setup scene for the next scene he appears in and finds Sarah in the library as expected. The scene should end with Evan closing his car door, taking a deep breath of the early fall air, and confidently heading to the library. He is excited but not anxious. I want the reader to feel confident along with Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}