{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 Summary 1 (Approx. 125 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0  Katie Andrews, an eighteen-year-old freshman at the University of Illinois, radiates a bubbly and caring personality that aligns seamlessly with the Caregiver archetype. With her vibrant pink hair and fair skin, Katie's appearance captures attention, despite carrying a few extra pounds on her 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'924\u8221\'94 frame. Her friendly and helpful nature draws people in, and her ENFP Myers-Briggs archetype enhances her allure. Katie's style is casual, contemporary, and perfect for a college student, making her a relatable figure. Her pivotal role in the story involves assisting Sarah with a makeover for her date with Evan, showcasing her caregiving qualities and forging a strong bond between the two characters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b1 Summary 2 (Approx. 75 words):}{\f0\fs26\b0  Katie Andrews, an upbeat and caring eighteen-year-old freshman at the University of Illinois, stands out with her pink hair and friendly demeanor. With an ENFP Myers-Briggs type, her bubbly personality and willingness to help others make her an instantly likeable character. Despite a few extra pounds, her youthful appeal and fair skin lend her an approachable charm. Katie's role in the narrative involves aiding Sarah in preparing for a date with Evan, forming a meaningful connection between them. Her contemporary style and caring nature contribute to her significance in the story.}}