{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Location Profile:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Name of the place:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Outside of the Undergrad Library<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Country:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> USA<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>State:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>City:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Champaign/Urbana<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Type of place:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Outside public area<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>What role does this setting play in the story?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This location plays a vital role because this is where Evan and Sarah have their first kiss\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 affectionately known as "The Kiss" by Evan's friends and family. Sarah was rushing to class and wasn't paying attention to her surroundings. She was seconds away and falling down the stairs, but then Evan swooped in to save her, and they kissed in the heat of the moment.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>How does the setting affect the characters and the plot?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Book 2, Chloe gets upset because Evan refuses to discuss his painful past with Sarah. He barely talks about his past at all. Chloe was hurt by the fact that Sarah seemed to own a part of Evan's heart that she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t access.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pushes the issue and forces Evan to drive to the campus, where he meets Sarah. They have a huge fight, and Evan leaves their parked car in a fury and disappears onto the campus. Eventually, Chloe finds him at this location. This is where Evan finally opens up to Chloe and shares his pain when Sarah leaves him.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Description:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stairs lead from the underground library to a foyer with doors leading out to a flat area paved with bricks. Not far from the library\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exit are four concrete steps leading downward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's important to note that the railings for these concrete steps are few and far between. The staircase itself is over 40 feet wide. If one is not paying attention, it would be easy to take a hard fall on the concrete steps, where a railing may be too far away to spirit someone the fall.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}