{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red21\green148\blue212;\red0\green190\blue190;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A crisp, cool morning greeted central Illinois with a partly sunny sky, casting a gentle glow over the lush grassy regions and well-maintained softball fields. The freshness of early fall tingled in the air, mixing with the distant laughter of children and the muted thud of softballs hitting gloves. Leaves, touched with hints of amber, rustled softly as young love seemed to fill the atmosphere with a sweetness as vibrant as the season itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stood in the parking lot, dressed in his softball uniform, spiked cleats tapping impatiently on the pavement. Though his glove was absent, his eyes were alight with anticipation, scanning the horizon for Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white Audi sedan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, meanwhile, was an epitome of casual college charm, clad in an orange and blue University of Illinois sweatshirt, a cute knit hat, matching scarf, and five-finger mittens adorned in the same blue that represented her university. Her jeans were comfortably casual, her ankle-high black zippered boots everyday and affordable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart leaped as Sarah\u8217\'92s car pulled into the lot. She was just as excited as he, her eyes sparkling as they locked onto his. They rushed to each `other, their greeting sealed with a passionate kiss before a word was spoken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got something for you!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan exclaimed, his voice tinged with boyish excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, the anticipation bubbling within her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a flourish, Evan grabbed the vintage doll from his car and handed it to Sarah. The typically stoic Sarah transformed, giddy like a schoolgirl. Tears welled in her eyes as she recalled the sentimental nature of the gift, feeling the weight of the pendant tucked under her sweatshirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you ready to meet my friends?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan asked, snapping her back to the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m nervous but as ready as I\u8217\'92ll ever be,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah admitted, her voice trembling slightly. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I even went shopping with Katie yesterday to look the part,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she added, gesturing to her outfit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan enveloped her in a reassuring hug, comforting her with his warmth. As they pulled apart, Sarah opened her car door, grabbing a book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan, do you mind if I read a book during your game?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 she asked, a playful glint in her eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I don\u8217\'92t mind. Our games can last as long as two hours, and I fully support and understand that your academics are your number one priority,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan replied warmly. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m nothing but grateful that you\u8217\'92re coming to my games.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but laugh, her eyes dancing with amusement. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good to know; maybe I\u8217\'92ll need to bring some study materials one day. But this book is not about academics.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She smiled widely and showed Evan the front of the book. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Softball for Dummies<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The revelation caused a hearty laugh from both of them, the humor enhancing the sweetness of the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know anything about sports. If I\u8217\'92m going to come to your games, I want to understand the rules as best as I can,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah explained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are so adorable!<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Evan exclaimed, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah felt a surge of endorphins at the compliment. No one had ever called her adorable before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The game is about to start. Let\u8217\'92s go,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan urged, but he sensed Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nervousness in her eyes and body language.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She looked at him, a touch of vulnerability in her gaze. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I have a kiss?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she asked, her voice soft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan obliged, their lips meeting in a tender and uplifting kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As they headed toward the bleachers, where Evan would introduce Sarah to his inner circle of friends, the connection between them felt more profound, more secure. The moment was sealed, a memory etched into their hearts, and the promise of young love blossoming.}}