{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 I'm working on standardizing my scene template. Please evaluate the special instructions/Notes of my standard template. Let me know if you understand the instructions, and provide any suggestions for improvement if needed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 Character Emotional State:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 - Liz: Liz had been eagerly anticipating her younger brother's visit. Their close, affectionate bond made his absence felt, especially since they hadn't seen each other since early summer. This time, her excitement was heightened because she would finally meet Sarah, the girl Evan had spoken of as "the one."}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1 - Joe: Joe's emotional state remained neutral. He and Evan had always gotten along well, and his overall feelings were balanced. However, he couldn't help but smile at the genuine happiness radiating from Liz as she busied herself with dinner preparations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs30\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 This scene is Liz's introduction into the book. Although her role is limited in book 1, she is a major character in the books following this.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 We also introduce Joe, Liz's boyfriend, and future husband. In later scenes in this chapter, Joe proposes to Liz on Christmas, and they elope before the chapter is done.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0 In addition to introducing new characters, this scene will be in Liz's point of view, so we will get a feel for her thoughts before she meets Sarah for the first time.}}