{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 It was the Friday night following the Sunday softball game. The rain tapped on the windows of Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment, a soft accompaniment to the distant rumbles of thunder. Inside, the atmosphere was warm and cozy, filled with the soft glow of lamps and the scent of fresh flowers. Sarah carefully arranged study supplies and educational materials on the dining room table, her mind swirling with thoughts and emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The dining room table, large and stylish, served more than just its apparent purpose. Sarah used it as a spread for her study materials. Its wooden surface gleamed under the light, a reflection of her meticulous nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah needed to decide whether to cook or order out for her date with Evan. She only had a little experience as a cook. Her regular meal routine involved preparing simple, lean meals for the week ahead on Sunday nights. It was a time-saving method to ensure that she always ate properly. Indeed, there were better options than feeding Evan a previously prepared lean meal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tonight was about indulgence, about trying something new. Not knowing Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s preferences but trusting Katie\u8217\'92s advice that all college men, especially those from Chicago, were addicted to pizza, she\u8217\'92d placed menus from local pizzerias on the table. Sarah was sure she\u8217\'92d tried pizza in the past but couldn\u8217\'92t recollect when that was. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s transformation from her stressful post-game party on Sunday to this calm and optimistic state was a journey she looked back on with a mix of amusement and relief. Her conversation earlier in the week with Katie had played a crucial role in bringing her to this point.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>I overreacted,<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she thought, recalling Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> I made a mountain out of a molehill.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The wisdom in Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s advice struck her, reminding her of similar guidance she\u8217\'92d offered girls in her high school honor classes. She found humor in her dramatic reaction to a typical college party, knowing now that she would never let it turn into a crisis again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Dressed in jeans, a casual pullover T-shirt, and slip-on shoes, Sarah moved to the mirror for a last-minute check. Her reflection showed a relaxed and confident young woman, ready for the evening. She liked her new look and the comfort of her clothes. She felt at ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Throughout the week, Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s communication with Evan had been limited to texts. She\u8217\'92d been careful, taking time before replying. Though she wanted to respond instantly, talk to him on the phone, and see him in person, she\u8217\'92d intentionally slowed down, allowing herself time to catch up on her academic studies and nonprofit commitments.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Now, everything is in place, <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 she thought, her heart light with anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tonight was what she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d envisioned when she\u8217\'92d decided to enter a relationship with Evan. Just him and her, alone, enjoying each other\u8217\'92s company. An evening where she could let go and explore the emotional side of herself without any distractions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A knock on the door pulled her from her thoughts. It was Evan. The sound resonated through the apartment, a herald of the night ahead.}}