{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot tapped impatiently against the floor as he glanced at the clock. They were late for work, and Guido was taking forever in the bathroom, primping and preening as if it were a special occasion. Evan\u8217\'92s anxiety level was ratcheting up; he needed to be at the gym by six o\u8217\'92clock for a client session, and time was slipping away. But more than that, he was desperate to share his news with Guido, his best friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Guido!\u8221\'94 Evan called out, knowing that his plea would probably go ignored. Guido\u8217\'92s fixation with his appearance was well-known, especially now that there was a new female personal trainer at the gym he wanted to impress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Finally, Guido emerged from the bathroom, every strand of his hair gelled perfectly into place. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax, bro,\u8221\'94 he said, a grin spreading across his face. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got plenty of time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got plenty of time,\u8221\'94 Evan corrected, grabbing his keys. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got a client session at six, and I need to talk to you about Sarah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93Sarah? What\u8217\'92s the big news, bro?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not here,\u8221\'94 Evan said, urging Guido towards the door. \u8220\'93In the car.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old Honda Civic roared to life, and as they pulled out of the apartment complex, Evan began to relive his experience with Sarah, detailing every moment of their time together. Guido listened, a bemused expression on his face, concern growing as he realized how infatuated Evan was with this girl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dude, you\u8217\'92re obsessed,\u8221\'94 Guido finally interrupted. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen you like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face flushed. \u8220\'93I need your help, Guido. How can I make the date special? What should I get her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido looked at Evan like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost his mind. \u8220\'93How would I know what\u8217\'92s special? Special to me is spending the night.\u8221\'94 He rattled off a list of common gifts: candy, flowers, wine, and lingerie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan shot down each suggestion, claiming they were either clich\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 or inappropriate for a first date. Guido\u8217\'92s patience wore thin, irritation creeping into his voice. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, dude, you\u8217\'92re asking the wrong guy. Get your act together, or she\u8217\'92s gonna ditch you ten minutes into the date. You better play cool like \u8216\'91The Guido.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face fell, but he knew Guido had a point. He was acting overly enthusiastic, and he needed to reel it in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, bro,\u8221\'94 Guido continued, his voice softening. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you got a date with this girl. But rumor is, she\u8217\'92s high-class. You better get your act together before Thursday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that supposed to mean?\u8221\'94 Evan asked, genuinely curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She wants a cool, sophisticated dude. If you want to get her something special, think Gucci purse, expensive shoes, jewelry\endash \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it! You\u8217\'92re a genius, dude,\u8221\'94 Evan interrupted, his face lighting up with inspiration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido grinned, pleased with himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you gonna get her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They pulled into the gym parking lot, and as they headed toward the entrance, Evan replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure. I\u8217\'92ll go to the mall tomorrow and look for inspiration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The two friends entered the gym, Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flashy appearance drawing rolled-eyes, and Evan\u8217\'92s mind abuzz with possibilities. }}