{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah has Second Thoughts<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 On the surface, Sarah and Evan appeared to be a joyful couple, ready to embark on their new life together. Yet, something seemed amiss. After the brief marriage ceremony, Sarah escaped to the wedding chapel's restroom. Staring stone-faced at her reflection, she was overwhelmed by uncertainty and asked herself, Oh my god. What have I done? Her internal turmoil hinted at deeper conflicts within their seemingly perfect union.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene took place moments after Sarah and Evan's elopement ceremony had just ended. <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> A small wedding chapel an hour south of Chicago<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> In the morning, one week after Evan's proposal.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Cloudy and rainy.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan and Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah, Joe, Guido, and the wedding chapel staff.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan was excited. He just married the woman of his dreams and was looking forward to finding an apartment was Sarah so they could begin their lives together.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> A visceral feeling emanated from Sarah's stomach. She felt nauseous and headed to the women's restroom, wondering if she had just made the biggest mistake of her life.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Place the happenings of the beginning of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 End: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>This was the final climactic scene of book 1. The objective of this scene was to show the reader that there was more to come, leaving them anxious to follow the story into book 2.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Information<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}}