{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the words of your choosing, rewrite this section of the scene template. Ensure there are no grammatical errors and everything is written in the simple past tense.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 On the surface, Sarah and Evan appear to be a joyful couple, ready to embark on their new life together. Yet, something seems amiss. After the brief marriage ceremony, Sarah escapes to the wedding chapel's restroom. Staring stone-faced at her reflection, she's overwhelmed by uncertainty and asks herself, "Oh my god. What have I done?" Her internal turmoil hints at deeper conflicts within their seemingly perfect union.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf5 This scene took place moments after Sarah and Evan's elopement ceremony had just ended. <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 Character Emotional State:}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Evan:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan was excited. He just married the woman of his dreams and was looking forward to finding an apartment was Sarah so they could begin their lives together.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Sarah:}{\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> A visceral feeling emanated from Sarah's stomach. She felt nauseous and headed to the women's restroom wondering if she had just made the biggest mistake of her life.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f4\fs24\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3>This is the final climactic scene of book 1. The objective of this scene is to show the reader that there is more to come and leaving them anxious to follow the story into book 2.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}