{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red208\green78\blue124;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Reddish-brown beard. It's a full beard, but does not hang down far from his chin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Physical Appearance: <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>TBD  <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Certainly! Here's the adjusted description:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The character was a commanding figure, standing at six-foot-one, reminiscent of the legendary Paul Bunyan. His height, combined with his broad shoulders and powerful arms, spoke of years of hard labor. His eyes, a piercing shade of blue, were clear and thoughtful, always observing and appraising with a wise but distant expression.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Dressed in rough, weather-beaten clothing, he wore a flannel shirt that fit snugly around his muscular frame and sturdy boots caked with mud and dirt. His beard, a wild tangle of reddish-brown, added to his rugged charm, framing a face that was both kindly and stern.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 His hands, large and calloused, told a story of a life led in the wilderness, chopping wood, building, and contending with nature's elements. A large ax, worn from use but still sharp, was his constant companion, a symbol of his strength and his connection to the land.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Though his appearance was imposing, there was a gentleness in his manner, a slow and thoughtful way of speaking that revealed a profound connection to nature and an understanding of the world that went beyond mere physical strength. His laughter, hearty and full, resonated with the joy of life, and his presence inspired both respect and a sense of camaraderie among those who knew him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This character's appearance and demeanor were a modern echo of Paul Bunyan, encapsulating a connection to the wilderness and a timeless spirit of hard work, independence, and integrity. His more average height made him approachable, yet his physique and presence ensured he remained an extraordinary figure, one that could easily lead and inspire those around him.}}