{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The warm glow from the chandelier bathed the room in a soft, welcoming light as Sarah sat among Evan's family, still a little in awe of how quickly they'd pulled her into their familial\~cocoon.\~Conversation bubbled around her like champagne--effervescent, sweet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You'll see some of our holiday traditions tonight and tomorrow.\~Does your family practice any holiday traditions?\u8221\'94 Bridget inquired, her eyes twinkling like the star on top of the Christmas tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dad was never one to make a big deal at Christmas time.\~My mom always bought a Christmas tree, and we decorated it.\~But that was the extent of our tradition.\u8221\'94 Sarah\u8217\'92s thoughts drifted momentarily to past Christmases, filled more with social obligations than genuine warmth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 She snapped back to the present.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess we did have one. I never really thought of it as a tradition.\~My father came from modest beginnings.\~When things were going well for us, he didn't want us to over-indulge just because we could afford to.\~At Christmas time we were each allowed to buy or make each other just one gift.\~The gift had to be under a certain dollar limit which changed over the years.\~When I was old enough to walk, on Christmas day or Christmas Eve, we would do something to give back to the community.\~It was different every year. Sometimes it was working at a soup kitchen, sometimes passing out toys to underprivileged children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. You\u8217\'92ve been a philanthropist since you were a toddler.\u8221\'94 Liz's voice was playful but sincere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 The words that Evan chose to follow Liz were a symphony to Sarah's ears.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah is an amazing woman. Always has been, always will be.\u8221\'94 His gaze locked onto hers, and a blush crept up her cheeks, her heart throbbing with affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We also have a version of a one gift tradition,\u8221\'94 Bridget continued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that the movie Evan said you watch every Christmas together?\u8221\'94 Sarah wondered aloud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe rolled his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don't tell me you're going to make us all watch that movie again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's a great movie, Sarah's going to love it,\u8221\'94 Liz retorted, defending her tradition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you say, dear,\u8221\'94 Joe grinned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Bridget returned to the point at hand.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After dinner, and the dishes are all done, we each get to open one present on Christmas Eve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan sighed, a mix of regret and relief washing over his face.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I may have to forgo that tradition this year.\~With all my volunteer work, I have had to cut my hours at the gym.\~I only have one gift for each of you.\~I would've gotten something for you mom if I knew you were coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Bridget simply smiled, an answer without words.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your and Sarah's presence shall be our gift tonight.\~What better gift than to see a young couple in love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan moved to hug his mom, gratitude and love woven into the simple gesture.\~At that moment, the table seemed to groan under the weight of its empty plates and gluttonous joy.\~It was time for the dishes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, little brother. You know the drill: we did the cooking, you do the cleaning,\u8221\'94 Liz announced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I'll help you clean up, Evan,\u8221\'94 Sarah offered, earnest in her intent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance, Sarah. You\u8217\'92re our guest, and our guests are not made to clean.\~Come join us in the living room.\~Evan will be done in no time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 In a split second, inspiration struck Sarah.\~She looked down, feigning a mask of rejection and sorrow.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Earlier you told me that I was a member of the family.\~Now you tell me you only consider me as a guest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A sudden hush fell. Liz's expression shifted to one of pure guilt, and Evan, Joe, and Bridget stumbled over their words in an attempt to mend the faux pas.\~As the apologies reached a crescendo, Sarah couldn't contain herself any longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotcha!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A beat of stunned silence and then a chorus of laughter and applause filled the room.\~Sarah felt her heart soar. She was one of them, truly and utterly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe extended his hand for a high-five, the first she'd ever given.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, there's no question about it now. You are officially part of the family.\~That was well played!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was impressive. I never saw that coming,\u8221\'94 Liz admitted, hugging her tightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, I surprised myself,\u8221\'94 Sarah chuckled, relishing the warm embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz spun Sarah around to face Evan, who just started rinsing the dishes and loading the dishwasher.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Time to do the dishes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah's eyes fell on a basket of leftover rolls.\~Inspiration struck again. She picked one up, took aim, and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Liz!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Confused, Liz looked her way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catch this!\u8221\'94 Sarah hurled the dinner roll across the room.\~Liz caught it with the agility of a seasoned\~outfielder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, I feel like family,\u8221\'94 Sarah declared, her words punctuated by a roomful of hearty\~laughs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah's unexpected throwing of food and playful banter had everybody laughing in\~stitches.\~Liz, Joe, and Bridget went to the living room, still talking about Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\~creative\~ending to the Christmas Eve\~feast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah looked at Evan, partially proud of herself, partially\~horrified.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can't believe I just threw\~food!\~At your sister, no\~less!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan gave her a great big bear hug and a big\~kiss.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I've never been more proud of\~you!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}