{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-28053\li40427\lin40427}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-28053\li40427\lin40427}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan and A Few Friends Volunteer<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan gathered Guido, Patti, Roxanne, and friends to volunteer for cleaning debris in central Illinois following a tornado. Sarah took the helm as the lead event coordinator, working for the nonprofit organization "Home Is Where the Heart Is." Together, they turned a time of devastation into a period of community and healing, working towards restoring the farmlands.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In an earlier chapter, at a fundraiser event organized by Sarah, Evan met the founder, Marcus Chamberlain, of the nonprofit organization "Home Is Where the Heart Is." Marcus asked Evan if he was interested in volunteering for an upcoming project. The project involved cleanup after a tornado had ripped through the farmlands of central Illinois a few weeks prior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan enthusiastically agreed to volunteer his time and told Marcus he intended to recruit a handful of his close friends to volunteer their Saturday as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Grateful for Evan's offer, Marcus offered to pull Chicago Bears football tickets out of the auction and give the four football tickets to Evan if he was able to recruit his friends, especially Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The humor in that scene regarded Evan explaining that he could get Guido to volunteer his time, as long as there were adult single women at the event and a six-pack of beer awaited him(Guido) after a job well done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene picked up on a Saturday, two weeks after the fundraising event.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Farmlands of central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene started in the morning on a Saturday, and ended at sunset the same day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Typical partly sunny, chilly fall day in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Marcus, Evan, Guido<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie, Patti, Roxanne, and other volunteers<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Energized; there because he really connected with Marcus and liked the idea of helping out for a good cause.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Guido: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Volunteering, partially to support his friend Evan, but mostly because Evan bribed him with the promise of single female volunteers and beer. Guido had no idea Bears tickets were involved. Now he was really pumped to have a great day. When it came to hard work, Guido was no slouch. Although his intentions may not have been as pure as the others, he planned to work as hard as anyone, mixing in some flirting and fun.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Patti:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liked the idea of volunteering for a good cause. Part of her motivation was to spend time with Evan, both because he was a good friend to her, and she was still trying to figure out if he and Sarah were serious.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Roxanne: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>There because Patti was there.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Katie: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Wanted to help Sarah out and loved the idea of working for a good cause.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Attended many such events. Her role was always as either lead event coordinator or assistant event coordinator. That day was just business as usual for Sarah. Her role was to make sure the day's activities went smoothly, and that the volunteers were all fed and cared for properly.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning: <!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \li360\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::6>[Give a vivid description of the devastation suffered by a small area of farmland with old houses and barns incapable of withstanding tornado force winds.]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah and Marcus were discussing the plans for the Saturday project to help clean up the debris from a tornado that had ravaged the farmlands of central Illinois. Approximate time: 8 AM.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 While they were finalizing the details, Evan, Guido, Patti, Roxanne, and a few other friends brought high energy as they walked toward Sarah and Marcus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 On the way from the parking area, Guido was pointing out all the "hot chicks" that had volunteered. A promise of single adult females was half of the lure to get Guido to volunteer. He reminded Evan that the second lure was a six-pack of beer and asked where it was. Evan told him there were two cases of beer chilling in their apartment fridge. No drinking until after the job was done, and there was enough beer for their friends who had volunteered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan was more interested in Sarah. The sight of her instantly brought a smile to his face as he walked toward her, planning to give her a big hug and a kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah looked up as Evan was about 50 feet away from her, and knew that he was going to want to engage in some PDA. She subtly nodded no to him, because although she had become more comfortable with PDA around friends and campus, PDA in the public workplace was not appropriate. Evan got the message, and stayed back with his friends. He wasn't upset; he understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Marcus and Sarah were finishing up when Marcus saw Evan and his group of friends. He had only heard of Guido the one time, but instantly knew. Marcus walked up to Evan, shook his hand, and said, "It's great to see you again. I see you brought your crew with you." He looked at Guido, put out his hand, and said, "You must be Guido."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 They shook hands, and Guido said, "Damn right I am."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Evan apologized for his embarrassing friend. But Marcus just laughed it off and said he expected nothing less from Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Marcus pulled out four Bears tickets and handed them to Evan. A reward Marcus had promised Evan if he brought a handful of his friends to volunteer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Guido was crazy excited, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better get one of those!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Roxanne, still not liking Sarah, chimed in and sarcastically said something like, "I'm pretty sure he's going to take his girlfriend."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah, unfazed by Roxanne's passive-aggressive attitude, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you four should go. Football is not really my thing, and I know you guys will have a great time.\u8221\'94 Evan asked her if she was sure, and she said she was.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \li360\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Marcus made a 10-minute update for all volunteers, not just Evan and his friends, on exactly how the damage happened and thanked them for volunteering. He then handed the reins over to Sarah and left the area. He had other meetings to attend to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 A well-prepared Sarah gave everyone their assignments. She laid out her plans and goals for the day. She told everybody the schedule for lunch and explained that sunset would be the ending time for the work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She handed out work gloves and hardhats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She asked if anyone needed anything. No one seemed to need anything. She gave everyone her mobile phone number in case they needed something later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Just as she was finishing up, Katie came sprinting up to help volunteer. She was running a little late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 There was high energy as the volunteers seemed excited about the good cause ahead, even if the work was going to be strenuous.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>End:<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \li360\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie apologized profusely for being late and asked Sarah, "What did I miss?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah laughed and was not about to repeat everything she and Marcus had just said, so she told Katie to follow her, handed her gloves and a hard hat, and told her to work with Evan and his friends, and they could fill her in on what she needed to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 However, she asked Katie to help her go buy food and refreshments for the volunteers at 11 AM. It was a lot to carry for one person. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Katie nodded and said, "meet you back here at 11 AM?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah shook her head no and pointed to a mobile home that was being used as an office. Sarah said, "Meet me in our mobile office."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 [ The scene ends with them heading off in separate directions. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This scene is a set up scene for the rest of the chapter. It establishes the characters that will be involved in the following scenes of the chapter, and establishes that Katie will first be working with Evan and his friends, getting to know them, and then helping Sarah get food and refreshments for everyone. These issues become relevant later in this chapter and later in the book.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Another important objective of this scene is to show that Sarah is not a "in the trenches" volunteer. While she put in more volunteer hours and anyone, it's behind the scenes and often people think that she doesn't work hard because on the day of the event she's not doing the dirty work.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah's clipboard. Use the Sarah's use of the clipboard as a way to show that she is organized and in charge of the event. The clipboard is a good way to show versus tell.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Hardhats, Gloves. The hard hats and gloves are another way to show versus tell, that the work ahead requires a safety cautions and is likely a hard days work.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Bears football tickets.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This is just a rough outline of the scene. This is a first draft. Even though information is limited, use your full discretion to write a compelling scene, including dialogue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::7>}}