{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red208\green78\blue124;\red76\green76\blue76;\red186\green124\blue93;\red170\green64\blue101;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-1580\li2276\lin2276}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Beginning:}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ Give a vivid description of the devastation suffered by a small area of farmland with old houses and barns incapable of withstanding tornado force winds. ]<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \li960\fi-667\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 1.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah and Marcus are discussing the plans for the Saturday project to help clean up the debris from a tornado that ravaged the farmlands of central Illinois. Approximate time. 8 AM.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 2.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 While they are finalizing the details, Evan, Guido, Patti, Roxanne, and a few other friends bring high energy as they walked toward Sarah and Marcus.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 3.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 On the way from the parking area, Guido is pointing out all of the "hot chicks" that have volunteered. A promise of single adult females was half of the lure to get Guido to volunteer. He reminded Evan that the second lure was a six-pack of beer and asked where it was. Evan told him there's two cases of beer chilling in their apartment fridge. No drinking until after the job was done, and there's enough beer their friends at volunteered.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 4.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan was more interested in Sarah. The side of her instantly brings a smile to his face as he walks toward her planning to give her a big hug and a kiss.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 5.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah looks up as Evan is about 50 feet away from her, and knows that he's gonna want to engage in some PDA. She subtly nods no to him, because although she's become more comfortable with PDA around friends and campus, PDA in the public workplace is not appropriate. Evan gets the message, and stays back with his friends. He wasn't upset, he understood.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 6.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Marcus and Sarah are finishing up, when Marcus sees Evan and his group of friends. He's only heard of Guido the one time, but instantly knows. Marcus walks up to Evan and shakes his hand and says "It's great to see you again. I see brought your crew with you. He looks at Guido put out his hand, and says you must be Guido."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 7.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 They shake hands and Guido said "Damn right I am."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 8.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan apologizes for his embarrassing friend. But Marcus just laughs it off and said he would expect nothing less from Guido.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 9.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Marcus pulls out four Bears tickets and hands them to Evan. A reward Marcus had promised Evan if he brought a handful of his friends to volunteer.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 10.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Guido was crazy excited, and said \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I better get one of those!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 11.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Roxanne, still not liking Sarah chimed in and sarcastically said something like "I'm pretty sure he's going to take his girlfriend."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 12.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah unfazed by Roxanne's passive-aggressive attitude, said \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I think you should 4 should go. Football is not really my thing, and I know you guys will have a great time.\u8221\'94 Evan asked her if she was sure, and she said she was.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \li1280\fi-889\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 1.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Marcus made a 10 minute updating all volunteers, not just Evan and his friends, on exactly how the damage happened and thanking them for volunteering. He then handed the reins over to Sarah and left the area. He had other meetings to attend to.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 2.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 A well-prepared Sarah, gave everyone their assignments. She laid out her plans and goals for the day. He told everybody the schedule for lunch and explained that sunset would be the ending time for the work.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 3.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 She handed out work gloves and hardhats.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 4.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 She asked anyone needed anything. No one seemed to need anything. She gave everyone her mobile phone number in case they needed something later.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 5.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Just as she was finishing up, Katie came sprinting up to help volunteer. She was running a little late.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 6.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 There was high energy as the volunteers seemed excited about the good cause ahead, even if the work was going to be strenuous.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 End: <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \li1707\fi-1185\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 1.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Katie apologize profusely for being late and asked, Sarah "what did I miss?"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 2.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah laughed and was not about to repeat everything she and Marcus just said, so she told Katie to follow her, handed her gloves and a hard hat and told her to work with Evan and his friends, and they can fill her in on what she needs to do.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 3.	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 However, she asked Katie for help her go buy food and refreshments for the volunteers at 11 AM. It was a lot to carry for one person. Katie enthusiastically agreed to Sarah's request.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::4>}}