{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The chapel was intimate, with sunlight spilling through stained-glass windows and casting colorful patterns on the wooden pews. Evan stood at the altar, the look in his eyes that of sheer joy and anticipation. Sarah took slow steps down the aisle, her arm linked with her her soon-to-be brother-in-law, Joe's, who wore a proud smile. Her dress was simple, her bouquet modest. Everything had been arranged quickly, but she didn't care about the frills. This was about her and Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Yet as Sarah looked at Evan, her heart twisted in ways she hadn't expected. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>This should be the happiest moment of my life. So why am I so torn?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's smile broadened as she approached, almost as if he were drawing her in with his happiness alone. When she finally stood beside him, his hand found hers, squeezing it reassuringly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You look breathtaking," Evan whispered, leaning close enough that only she could hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Thank you," Sarah managed to reply, her voice a mere whisper. She returned his smile, but her eyes couldn't lie. They were the windows to her uncertainty, even if he couldn't see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The officiant began, speaking words about love, commitment, and the journey of marriage. Sarah heard him but didn't listen. Her mind was caught in a loop of 'what-ifs.'}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>What if I'm making the biggest mistake of my life? What if the life I had planned--going to an Ivy League school, joining my father's firm--that was my true destiny?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido, standing beside Evan as his best man, noticed Sarah's faraway look but misinterpreted it as bridal jitters. Evan, however, was too caught up in the magic of the moment to notice anything amiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Do you, Sarah, take Evan to be your lawfully wedded husband?" the officiant asked, snapping her back to reality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's heart pounded in her chest. This was it. The point of no return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She glanced at Evan, his eyes full of love and devoid of doubt. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Could she really break this man's heart? The man who loved her so unconditionally?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I do," Sarah said, her voice quivering but clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan repeated his vows with robust assurance, sealing it with, "I do," as if those two words could hurry them into forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With the exchange of rings, a kiss, and the pronouncement from the officiant, they were husband and wife. The chapel erupted in subdued applause, mostly from their few close friends in attendance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But as Evan kissed her, his lips meeting hers with a tender urgency, Sarah's smile was tinged with a sadness she couldn't shake. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I'm married. I'm his wife now. Oh God, what have I done?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As they turned to face their friends, their small crowd throwing confetti as they walked hand in hand down the aisle, Evan wore the look of a man who had conquered the world. Sarah, however, wore the look of a woman who wasn't sure which world she belonged to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah met Evan's eyes, and for a fleeting moment, all her doubts faded away, leaving only him, only them, and the boundless, beautiful life they could have together. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>This is enough. It has to be.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But even as she thought it, Sarah knew: her decision to marry Evan was a solution to a problem that wasn't fully solved. And that realization, that tiny nagging doubt, formed the undercurrent of the ceremony--a bittersweet note in an otherwise joyous melody.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}