{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red118\green146\blue60;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah's feet were brisk against the sidewalk, but she wasn't quick enough. She heard Evan calling out behind her, his tone playfully admonishing, "Hey, Cinderella, wait up!" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Turning back, she faced him, perplexed. "Why do you call me Cinderella?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's easy smile danced in the sunlight, his eyes bright with humor. "Because you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re always running away from me like it\u8217\'92s midnight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "And why are you so adamant about chasing after me?" she countered. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clear there are plenty of adoring females that would welcome your attention."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to learn more about you," Evan stated simply, standing tall in his conviction. "What\u8217\'92s wrong with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah huffed. "It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take a genius to see that we exist in different worlds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 His laughter was unexpected. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess. You\u8217\'92re a genius?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not my point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan tilted his head, patient. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what is your point?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As a couple, we make little sense. I came to college to get an education and network with professionals to further my academic and professional careers. I committed to focusing on my work and refraining from distracting relationships. You don\u8217\'92t need me. You must know every female on campus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan smiled<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you jealous? You have nothing to worry about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not jealous. I simply can\u8217\'92t understand why you\u8217\'92re focusing your attention on me." Sarah asked, her arms crossed as she faced him, her eyes brimming with questions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan looked at her, his eyes reflecting a mix of curiosity and genuine interest. "I don't know, Sarah. There's just something about you. You're different from the girls I'm used to meeting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "You don't even know me," she countered, her voice softer than intended, her gaze shifting to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 He nodded, acknowledging her point. "That's true," he admitted, a breeze lifting a lock of his hair as he met her gaze again. "But let me ask you something. Why did you kiss me? Why are you here with me now instead of studying?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 She dropped her gaze to her feet, her foot tracing an absent pattern on the pavement. "Other than the obvious\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" she began, implying Evan's good looks. Her voice tapered off to a whisper, "I don't know either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 A persuasive plea etched in Evan's eyes as he stepped closer to her, the distance between them shrinking. "Well, let's find out together," he said earnestly, his voice barely above a whisper. "Go to dinner with me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 She was silent. Then, when the silence had stretched too long, Evan added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93College is about relationships, having fun, trying new things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah resisted, but the inner argument she was having with herself was evident in her eyes. "I made a plan that makes sense, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve held to it for three years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t it make sense to enjoy your college life? To be well-rounded? To pursue new relationships?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah was exasperated. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t used to someone challenging her perspective so effectively. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got my head spinning. It doesn\u8217\'92t help that every time you kiss me, my IQ drops 50 points. How can my plan make so much sense, yet your completely opposite approach makes sense too?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 His next words caught her off guard. "How can a piece of paper be both thin and wide?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Before she could formulate an answer, Evan leaned in to kiss her again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 The taste of his kiss was sweet and confusing. Pulling back, Evan proposed again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thursday night, dinner at seven at the Thai Garden?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 After a moment of hesitance, she relented. "Alright, I will meet you there at seven.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan's joy was infectious as he clapped his hands together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s awesome! Can I get your phone number? Your last name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wait and see how it goes," Sarah replied cautiously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 He nodded, accepting her boundaries. As she turned to leave, he extended his hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I walk you to your car?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 They walked hand in hand, and when they reached her car, Evan leaned in, hopeful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I get a kiss goodbye?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94 She echoed his earlier words, her breath steadier now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 The kiss was long and tender, filled with promises of the potential for something more. Pulling away, Evan teased, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that IQ doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah responded with an unusual attempt at humor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'932+2 equals 10.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Laughter filled the air, a comforting and intimate sound. When it finally faded, Evan's eyes held a hint of concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid to let you go. I\u8217\'92m worried you won\u8217\'92t show up on Thursday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I\u8217\'92ll be there. I never break an appointment unless it\u8217\'92s an emergency.\u8221\'94 Sarah's voice was steady, and Evan could see the resolve in her eyes, a promise of the adventure to come.}}