{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red76\green76\blue76;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-118215\li170361\lin170361}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan has a new friend \endash  meet Diego.<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah was called away to deal with a minor emergency. She instructed Katie to get Evan and Guido to help deliver the food from her car to the hungry volunteers. Joining Evan and the crew for lunch was a 14-year-old boy who lived in the area. Of his own volition, he walked on site and started helping with the cleanup. Seeing he was unsupervised, Evan took Diego under his wing, and they worked together throughout the morning. With the workday half over, lunch was served.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In the previous scene, Katie and Sarah went into town to pick up sandwiches, snacks, and drinks for the volunteers and the families impacted by the tornado. That scene ended with them returning to the work site to deliver the food to the hungry volunteers.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2>Setting:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Farmlands of central Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Description of the Lunch Area:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The open grassy field, a generous stretch of land belonging to one of the tornado's victims, had been transformed into a lively community gathering spot. Encased by a horizon dotted with trees and the distant echoes of reconstruction, the field blossomed with activity. An expansive outdoor tent stood proudly at its heart, a sentinel against the unpredictable whims of sun and rain. Its bright white canopy gleamed under the high midday sun, casting a cool shade beneath its shelter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Several sturdy picnic bench tables were arranged in an inviting array, their wooden surfaces adorned with cheerful red-checkered tablecloths that fluttered in the gentle breeze. Volunteers and families mingled around them, their laughter and conversation infusing the air with a sense of camaraderie and hope.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Lunchtime at the volunteer event.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Typical partly sunny, chilly fall day in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan, Sarah, Katie, Diego, Guido<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Volunteers and families<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> A minor emergency whisks Sarah away at the beginning of the scene. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx331\li446\fi-86\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan was feeling energized, inspired, and gratified. He was also happy to have found a new friend. A 14-year-old that reminded Evan of himself when he was that age. This relationship brought extra depth to Evan's emotions.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Katie:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Katie was her usual upbeat self. Like Evan, Katie likes his new little buddy, Diego.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Diego:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Diego was enjoying hanging out with Evan and the crew. Like Evan, Diego's father was not in his life. Nor does Diego have any brothers. Even though they just met, Evan and Diego bonded quickly.  Evan was like a father/big brother to Diego.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Guido:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Guido was being Guido. Guido was doing a great job helping, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let a little thing like a day\u8217\'92s work get in his way of chasing women. With no success, he hits on Katie.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah and Katie returned to the worksite with plenty of food and beverages to serve the dozens of volunteers. Sarah had texted Evan beforehand, so the volunteers and the impacted families were ready and waiting at the picnic tables underneath.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 [The tables and tent are owned by the nonprofit organization and moved from event to event as needed.<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan and Guido headed to the car to help deliver the food to the hungry crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah and Katie opened the doors and trunk where the food and coolers of water and sodas were located.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 One of the licensed handymen had a minor emergency.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Handyman: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "I hate to interrupt your lunch, Sarah. But we have a potential fire hazard at one of the houses we are working on. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only a few miles away. I can't find Marcus anywhere, and I need someone in authority to approve the work we must do to resolve the situation. Can you help me out here?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Sarah was secretly relieved that she got called away. She had always felt awkward grabbing lunch with the field volunteers. She never knew what to say, and she always felt judged by them. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "Of course, I'll help. Just let me finish getting the food to the volunteers."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Wanting to support Sarah. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "We got this, Sarah. You go deal with the emergency will save some food for you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah thanked Katie, Evan, and Guido and got into the passenger seat of the handyman's truck, and they drove off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Katie took over Sarah's role and pointed to a large box of sandwiches for Evan to carry and a large cooler full of ice-cold drinks for Guido to carry. She was going to grab a large box containing a variety of chips and snacks.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Guido had been looking Katie up and down, and now seemed the right time for him to take a shot. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 [ He looked at her with mischievous eyes. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Guido: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "Hey there, little lady. I don't believe we've officially met."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "You must be Guido."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Guido shines a cocky smile. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Guido: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "Apparently, my reputation precedes me. You seem to know all about me, but I know nothing about you. Let's sit together at lunch and fix such a travesty of justice. "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 [Katie found Guido comical. ]}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "Um. I am pretty sure my boyfriend would not approve."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ It took more than a casual mention of the boyfriend to discourage Guido. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Guido: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "Hmm, a boyfriend, you say. Is it serious?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Katie was not intimidated or bothered by Guido's advances. She saw him as harmless and comical. However, she wanted to make sure that he got the point. She looked at him sternly, sending the silent message, "Stay in your own lane, buddy." But she kept her verbal response short and to the point. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Katie:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  "Very serious."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Still not quite ready to give up, Guido started to reply. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Guido: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "If you two of her break up \endash "}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan interrupted, and as Evan has done more than once, playfully pushed Guido's shoulder hard enough for Guido to lose a little balance but not fall. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  "Quit screwing around, Guido. We've got people to feed."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Evan, Guido, and Katie each grabbed their assigned containers and headed to the tent area. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 [ Describe the tent/lunch area as the scene transitions from beginning to middle. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 After everyone had the food and drink, Evan and Katie sat on either side of a 14-year-old volunteer named Diego.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Using the information in his profile, provide the reader with a physical description of Diego. Also, reveal that Evan saw Diego was unsupervised and took Diego under his wing, and they had a great morning bonding in a "big brother" kind of way. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "Diego, this is Katie."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Diego's eyes lit up at the pretty pink-haired Katie. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 [ Katie reached out and shook hands with Diego. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "It's nice to meet you, Diego."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Finding Katie very pretty, while shaking Katie's hand, Diego quickly looked back to Evan and asked? ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Diego:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  "Is she your girlfriend?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Katie and Evan both chuckled at the adorable way Diego asked. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "No, she is my girlfriend's good friend."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "Evan's girlfriend is Sarah, the boss lady. Have you met her yet?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Shook his head no before taking a massive bite of his sandwich. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 [ Here is where Evan tells the rest of Diego's story. He informed her that Diego was riding his bike, enjoying his Saturday, when he saw all the volunteers working to clean up the damaged houses. Although his apartment building was not seriously damaged, he decided to walk on site unsolicited and start pitching in to help those less fortunate.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 Use deep POV when writing how Evan tells Katie about Diego. Diego has a similar family background, an absentee father, a sister, and no brothers \endash  living with a single mom desperately doing her best to make ends meet. Evan is particularly impressed that he volunteered without being asked instead of enjoying his Saturday with friends.]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 [ Katie told Diego how impressed she was. But all he was interested in was food. After a hard morning of work and not used to having so much abundance of food, he had already finished his sandwich and a bag of chips. Katie told him he could grab a second serving if he wanted. There was more than enough food. ]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 [ When Diego returned from retrieving another sandwich, chips, and soda, the three continued eating lunch amongst the crowd. Diego was the center of attention for Katie and Evan. He told him all about his mom, his sister, his friends, and his pet dog. Much to the delight of Katie and Evan, Diego was a chatterbox.]<!$Scr_Cs::6><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>- End: <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ It was time to head back to work. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 "You ready to get back to work, Diego?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Intending to be humorous. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Diego:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  "Sure thing, boss."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Katie and Evan chuckled. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  "Before we head out to the field, let's get all these tables cleared and make sure that the trash containers are closed tightly. Is that okay with you, Katie?"}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Katie was happy to help. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::5>Katie:<!$Scr_Cs::5>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5  "That works for me. Why don't you two start clearing off the tables, and I'll find something to wipe them down with."}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::6>[ Katie wandered off to find something to clean the tables with.]}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10 [ I'd like to end this scene with the reader hearing the thoughts in Evan's mind. He was enjoying this experience far more than he ever thought. He was surprised at how much he enjoyed working with young Diego. In one way, Diego reminded him of himself at that age. In another way, Diego was like the little brother he never had. But mostly, Diego felt like family. Diego's presence sparked Evan to daydream about one day marrying Sarah and starting a family. ]<!$Scr_Cs::6><!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf10
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 This is book 1 of three, possibly four. Volunteer work and philanthropy play a significant role in Evan's life. This scene serves as the seed or inception of Evan's desire to make helping others in need an essential focus of his life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In a later book, Evan becomes wealthy and starts his own nonprofit. Because he particularly enjoyed working with teens during college, he started a nonprofit to help underprivileged kids get the education they need to compete in a high-tech job market. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 This volunteer event is one of several events where Evan will continue working with teens over the next several months. Diego was the inception of Evan's future philanthropic work with teens.<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sandwiches, chips, sodas}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 A cooler full of icing beverages<!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 When writing the scene, use the dialogue verbatim. Do not add, remove, or change the dialogue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Everything that is not dialogue is simply there to guide you in writing the scene. Feel free to use the information surrounding the dialogue to write a compelling scene in words of your choosing. Add narrative, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue as needed to enhance the scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5}