{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Sarah He's attentive emergency at lunch time. This is perceived as her not wanting to hang with the crew.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Katie recruit Evan and Guido to help with the sandwiches.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Guido's reputation precedes him when he tries to hit on Katie. She says you must be the infamous Guido, I am, my reputation precedes me. I don't know much about you, how about we get to know each other better. Evan tells him to knock it off, that she has a boyfriend.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 The sandwiches chips and drinks are passed out to everyone at large picnic tables that Sarah had set up with the tent overtop to protect tech from the sun and the Ring.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 After passing out the sandwiches, Evan and Katie sit on either side of the 14-year-old boy named Diego.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Diego asks if Katie's Evan's girlfriend. Katie answered for him saying you know I'm not his girlfriend is Sarah the boss lady you met her?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Diego said no, I was just riding my bike and saw everybody working and I thought I would help out.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Evan jumps in. Can you believe that Katie? His apartment building wasn't damaged by the tornado, yet here he is taking time on a Saturday to help out without even being asked. You're the man dude high-fived him"}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 At the end of the day, katie Evan had towards Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Evan introduces Diego to Sarah or on his way to see Sarah, Diego says that your girlfriend? yep! Diego smiles and nods his head approval and gives and says good job dude and raises his hand for a high-five with Evan.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Katie giggled.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Katie seeing that Evan and Sarah want some alone time, and responding to Diego's comment that he was starving, Sarah says well there's plenty of food left over from lunch take as much as you want it was what you want to take some home for two families you like just going to go to waste otherwise.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Katie can you can you take into the office, the sandwiches are in the fridge and this, drinks are in a cooler, and there's plenty of chips left over as well.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Diego's eyes light up before he goes Evan goes one more high-five buddy before you go.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Add an extra scene}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan told Sarah that a handful of the volunteers are going to come back tomorrow and finish home that still needs a lot of cleanup, and their barn as well. Diego's coming back to. He had said see you tomorrow and that's why Evan Sarah asked about tomorrow.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan inquires about the softball game, and Evan said they can survive one game without me. Besides, this is more fun anyway. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I know I am a bit guilty, but I was open that you would give me right home wanted a little more work before I head out and Guido in the gang are headed home departing to party it up. I'd rather finish and work here in spend the evening with you if that's okay.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah told Evan that she has plenty of extra volunteer T-shirts (the should be handed out beforehand?).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah told Evan after hearing he's getting up his softball and parting, "you surprise me more and more every day."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She kisses Evan anyway, saying screw it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She said she's got some more work to do, so she's happy to drive him home.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just come get me when you're done, got T-shirts in the office.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Giving up a softball game? Evan, every time I think I've figured you out, you do something that astonishes me all over again," she said, her voice filled with warmth and respect. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Maybe this is when Guido first cause Evan Capt. America.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie tells Guido she has a boyfriend to which he responds "is it serious." She gives Guido a stern look and says very and he starts to say well if you guys ever break up and Evan interrupts him playfully pushes him on the shoulder and said go grab the cooler got a thirsty crowd waiting.}}