{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 At some point her pendant is a security blanket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Evan, I'm nervous about the post-game party and hanging out with your friends in general. I'm so different than them. Besides Patti, I don't think they liked me very much," Sarah confessed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Give it time. They'll warm up to you soon enough," Evan assured her, his voice filled with understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As they pulled into the Sluggers parking lot, a terrified feeling engulfed Sarah. Her grip on the steering wheel tightened, and her inner nerves started to escape outwardly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I am starting to freak out. I don't know if I can do this. I don't think I'm ready yet," she stammered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You'll be fine. But if you're not ready, let's go somewhere else," Evan suggested, his voice gentle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I've never been anyone's girlfriend before. I don't want to suck at it," Sarah blurted, tears in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan laughed, reaching over to hold her hand. "You don't and won't suck at it. Come on, let's go somewhere else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "No. They'll know I caused you to be a no-show at the party. I'll be okay," Sarah insisted, determination in her voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}