{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-373617\li538425\lin538425}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-4993\li7195\lin7195}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-4993\li14384\lin14384}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li10788\lin10788}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li8091\lin8091}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Patti Updates Her Friends about Her Conversation with Evan<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Having faced resistance from Evan, Patti chose to set aside her emotions and rally behind Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship with Sarah. Despite her belief that the relationship would ultimately lead to heartbreak, she resolved to support him. Patti conveyed her decision to the friends who had urged her to caution Evan against dating Sarah, encouraging them to follow her lead and back Evan\u8217\'92s choice. She emphasized the importance of standing by Evan, just as he would if the roles were reversed and he found himself in a similar situation.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 At the request of a few of Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s close friends, excluding Guido, Patti had just confronted Evan, questioning his relationship with Sarah and expressing their concerns that she is not a good fit and that he may get his heart broken one day.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Initially, Evan snapped, and angry words were exchanged. But he quickly calmed down and asked Patti to support his relationship with Sarah. He had supported her in a past relationship where he disapproved of the boyfriend, but as a friend, he stuck by her and expected the same.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 At the end of the previous scene, Patti realized that friends support each other. She left Evan, letting him know she would talk to everybody and encourage them to support him as well.<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Designated parking area for the volunteers.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> About an hour after sunset<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Chilly and getting colder and windier. It was partly sunny during the day, and because the group was sweaty and working hard, they were not adequately dressed for the coldness of the after-sunset evening. On top of that, their sweat-soaked clothes were adding to the chill. Once Patti had updated them, they were more concerned about getting in a warm car than discussing Evan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s situation.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Patti, Guido, Roxanne<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> A group of unnamed friends.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Patti:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Patti has resigned herself to the fact that Evan is convinced that Sarah is the one for him. Although she is still concerned that his heart will get broken, she has decided to support him. In this scene, she shares her conversation with Evan and encourages them to support Evan and Sarah\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship like he would have if the situation were reversed. She plans to support him and be there if things go south.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Guido:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Guido wants no part of this drama. It doesn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t matter to him who Evan is in a relationship with. He wants to get home and drink the beer that Evan had brought the whole group as a thank you for volunteering. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Roxanne:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Roxanne is unmoved by Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s words. She thinks that Patti and Evan should be together and has predetermined that she doesn\u8217\'92t like Sarah and never will. However, for Patti\u8217\'92s sake, she has agreed to bite her lip in the future with Sarah around and to avoid her passive aggressiveness around Sarah. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Group of friends:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> The consensus of the rest of the friends is that they did what they felt they had to do and at least attempted to caution Evan about Sarah. They are satisfied that Patti accomplished that goal and ready to let it all go and support Evan. Once Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s done talking, they share Guido\u8217\'92s enthusiasm for a drive home for a night of partying.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Patti)<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Tone:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> The overall tone is one of acceptance of the situation. The friends are relieved that Patti addressed the situation with Evan. Although they remained concerned that Sarah will hurt Evan, they're ready to move on. When all is said and done, they had a great day working in the field as volunteers, and they are anxious to get home, share some ice-cold beers, and relax. It might be said that the pressure has been released. There's no need to discuss it anymore. Evan is with Sarah. It is what it is.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\cf6 Are there specific moments where you want the reader to gain insight into Patti's internal dialogue, or is it mainly focused on her interactions with her friends? <!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 I want some depth in Patti's thoughts. Her focus is on something other than her friends. She is just updating them on the situation and encouraging them to follow her lead in supporting Evan. But within Patti, we should reveal a few things to the reader.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-130\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0 She feels helpless that she can't do anything to prevent what she sees as an inevitable breaking of Evan's heart \endash  when  Sarah and him ultimately realize they don't work as a couple in the long term.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0 She still holds out faint hope that one day, once he and Sarah are over, they might explore a romantic relationship.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0 Ultimately, she values his friendship more than anything. She will reluctantly move on and support Evan in whatever choices he makes.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Patti returned from her conversation with Evan feeling a combination of resignation, sadness, and relief that the deed had been done.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 As she headed toward them, her group of friends, except Guido, waited with bated breath for an update on what happened.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She gave them a recap of her meeting with Evan. One was that he was upset that his friends weren\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t supporting him. Patti reiterated that Evan is in love with Sarah and is committed to her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She encourages them to support Evan like he would support them in the same situation. She informs them that she plans to support his relationship with Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 If the relationship with Sarah leaves Evan with a broken heart, then as friends, they should be there to support him.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 During the scene, Guido was impatient, just wanting to get home and party. The beers in the fridge are screaming his name.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Most things have stayed the same for Roxanne. This scene shows Roxanne still thinking that Sarah and Evan will be together but agreed to support him, not for Evan or Sarah, but to honor her best friend Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s request.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 At the end of the scene, Guido\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s ecstatic that he is ready to head home. The unnamed friends are glad it\u8217\'92s over with and anxious to party after a long day\u8217\'92s work. Roxanne\u8217\'92s still steaming a bit but silent about it. There is no dissent amongst the group of unnamed friends. As far as they are concerned, it\u8217\'92s water under the bridge.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Patti will join everyone, but she doesn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t have any enthusiasm. She\u8217\'92s left with the feeling that Evan will get his broken, and she felt helpless to do anything about it.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This is a short scene to close the chapter. The primary purpose is to complete Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s arc in Book 1. Patti returns in book 2, and her story will pick up again. But for now, we know that Patti put aside her romantic feelings for Evan and chose to be a supportive friend.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 N/A<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::5>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}