{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Upon entering the sprawling, contemporary apartment, Sarah and Katie stood transfixed. The room echoed an aesthetic of pure opulence and modern luxury. The minimalist furniture, the pristine cleanliness, and the dazzling view from the floor-to-ceiling windows left Katie's eyes darting around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Wow, this place is amazing! How many bedrooms are there?" Katie's voice resonated in the expansive space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's response was quiet, subdued. "Two."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Is your roommate home?" Katie asked, continuing her visual exploration of the apartment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A shake of Sarah's head accompanied her words. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a roommate. It\u8217\'92s just me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes widened in surprise. "No roommate!? You must be rich."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah shrugged. "My father is. He owns a large corporation. He wanted me to have an extra bedroom that I could use as an office. I usually work at the dining room table, or in my bedroom."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The mention of privacy, of room to breathe, left Katie yearning. "I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even imagine what it\u8217\'92s like not to have to share a room. It makes it impossible to study."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A silence settled between them. Sarah watched Katie's gaze travel around the room once more before deciding to extend a friendly hand. "If you like, you can use my place if you need to study for a big test or just need some quiet time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes lit up. "That would be wonderful! Are you sure it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A nod confirmed Sarah's sincerity. "Yes, just give me some advance notice. If you stay the night, I just asked that you wash the linens and return the room to its normal condition before you leave."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Absolutely! Thank you so much," Katie said and then wrapped Sarah in another hug. A wave of surprise washed over Sarah. She wasn't accustomed to such spontaneous displays of affection. Yet, she couldn't deny the warmth that it brought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie broke away from the hug, her eyes sparkling with an idea. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I scheduled an appointment with my stylist. She asked me to send a picture, so she can get an idea of what she might want to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Katie clicked a quick picture of Sarah, a sudden question popped into her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has you penciled in at 3 o\u8217\'92clock. Before I confirm, I need to know your budget,\u8221\'94 said Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's response was prompt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any budgetary constraints. My father always stresses the importance of looking your best in any situation. He provides me with a credit card, pays my expenses, and gives me a generous monthly allowance. It\u8217\'92s way more than I need. I end up with about half of everything in the bank.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes danced with excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, you are the luckiest girl I know! It is going to be fun shopping with you,\u8221\'94 she exclaimed. Her mind seemed to assemble an intricate puzzle as she asked, \u8220\'93You said it had been a while since you dated?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 An uncomfortable shift accompanied Sarah's response. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t dated since I was 16.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie seemed taken aback. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'9316? If you don\u8217\'92t mind me asking, are you a,\u8221\'94 she paused for a moment, clearly treading on delicate ground, \u8220\'93virgin?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah didn't hesitate. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m not a virgin. I was never very interested in sex. But that\u8217\'92s all the other girls ever seemed to talk about when I was in high school. I got curious and wanted to see what all the fuss was about. There was a boy I was attracted to, so I chose him to be my first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie listened in silent surprise as Sarah continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I discussed it with my parents. While they disapproved, they usually support me when I have thoroughly considered a decision. They even bought me condoms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes reflected a sense of longing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I had parents like that. So, how\u8217\'92d it go with the guy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah sighed, the memory seeming to age her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At first, I liked the idea of having a boyfriend. But after we had sex a few times, that\u8217\'92s all he wanted to do. That ended quickly. I thought I\u8217\'92d give it one more try with another guy. He was in all my honor classes, and we had a lot more in common, but my schedule was too busy for a boyfriend, so we broke up. I didn\u8217\'92t find the sex all that great, and I have thought little about boys or sex since then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie leaned in closer, her voice a comforting whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were young. He was young. It\u8217\'92ll be different when you find the right guy. So, tell me about the guy you\u8217\'92re dating tonight. What\u8217\'92s his name? How did you meet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's facial expression softened and brightened at the mention of Evan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name is Evan. He saved me from falling on some steps. I don\u8217\'92t know what came over me, but the way he looked at me and told me he wanted to kiss me. I couldn\u8217\'92t help myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's face lit up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, did you kiss?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A small smile adorned Sarah's lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we did! Katie, I\u8217\'92ve never experienced anything like that. It was like this other version of myself took over my body, and it felt incredible. My body was vibrating for hours afterward. Evan said the universe meant for us to meet like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie clapped her hands together in delight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my gosh, that\u8217\'92s so romantic! Did that happen last week before class? Was that why you were late?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. After we kissed, I got scared and ran off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie seemed puzzled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scared? Were you worried about being late for class?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that. I feared the way he made me feel. I have a no dating policy while in college.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie tilted her head, considering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you ran away, how did you make a date?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He tracked me down in the library. I did my best to resist him, but eventually, I agreed to go out with him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A knowing smile crossed Katie's face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you decided to break your no-dating policy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah shrugged, a hint of sheepishness creeping into her features. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t have a choice. Every time he kisses me, I can\u8217\'92t think straight. Since the moment I met him, I haven\u8217\'92t been able to study or focus on anything. All I think about is him. Maybe this date will help clear my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes held a spark of mischief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you worried this might develop into something more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's voice was barely a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have thought a lot about that. If I could find a way to have a relationship with Evan without being distracted from my work, I would like that. The thought of having someone by my side when attending an event or someone to hang out with here at the}}