{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \li960\fi-667\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::0>She wears designer dresses to all major social events.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She wears designer skirt and pantsuits to work.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her jewelry is expensive, except for the one necklace and panted she cherishes most \endash  the one Evan gave her on their first date. Even though it's inexpensive and not particularly beautiful, she still wears it every day to work.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Even her jeans and tops are designer. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The only clothes that are designer are her workout clothes.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I am currently working on Sarah's profile. I wanted to include a narrative description. Please write a description of Sarah given the following bullet points.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah was an only child.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her birth/maiden name is Sarah Wilkins.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From birth, her parents raised her for success.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were no play dates or dance classes for Sarah. Instead, her parents focused on academics. As a child, Sarah devoted extracurricular time to expanding her knowledge base, primarily by reading non-fiction educational books.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah was the valedictorian of her high school and graduated top of her class in college.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her focus in high school was academics. Her pre-college resume was formidable. She could get a full scholarship at any university in the country. She planned to attend a prestigious Ivy League university for her master's degree. However, she attended the University of Illinois for undergrad work because that was her father's alma mater.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah's father played a dominant role in his marriage. His wife was submissive and dutiful.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah respected her father.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah's relationship with her father was more mentor/mentee than father/daughter.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Wilkins household was stoic. The three household members respected each other, but affection was minimal. There weren't many hugs in Sarah's childhood.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah embraced the way that she was raised. She had an extraordinarily high IQ, and her parent's method of reading her for success made a lot of sense.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In high school, Sarah could never understand why girls spent so much time talking about boys. However, she did find herself occasionally being attracted to a boy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She did date a few times in high school but did it more to find out why girls spend so much energy on boys than it was because she was interested in them.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When it was time for college, Sarah promised herself she would not get caught up in the social trappings that college life can bring. She decided to avoid all romantic relationships until she achieved her master's degree and was ready to start her professional life.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I am working on explaining Sarah's motivation. Please write a narrative based on the following bullet points:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah's future was written in stone before she started high school.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She expected to graduate valedictorian of her high school class.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She expected to be top of her class at the University of Illinois and whatever Ivy League school she decided to attend for her master's degree.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She was to spend her free time on philanthropic endeavors during her college years. In part to give back to the community. But also to build contacts and relationships with other wealthy men and women in the business world.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After she obtained her master's degree, she would take a position at her father's corporation. She wouldn't be starting at an entry-level, but also wouldn't start in upper management. Her father wanted her to climb the corporate ladder through effort, diligence, and skill \endash  not nepotism.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah was particularly interested in expanding her father's corporate dealings overseas. Her father's company had a minimal presence outside the United States. She was looking to make a name for herself through successful expansion internationally.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ultimately, her final goal was to replace her father as the CEO of his multimillion-dollar corporation when he retired.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As far as her personal life, she had decided to one day marry a successful man similar to her father. However, while she respected her mother, Sarah did not want to play the role of a supportive wife. She wanted to play the role of an equal partner in a marriage. She wanted one and only one child that she would raise in the way that she was raised.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Please provide a narrative to explain why Sarah asked for a divorce with Evan giving the following bullet points:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah loved Evan very much.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was the only one who could tap into that more feminine, affectionate part of her that was inaccessible and invisible to everyone else.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah felt uncomfortable with the emotional aspects that Evan exposed. She didn't like feeling controlled by her emotions. She felt critical of other women who seemed imprisoned by their feelings and didn't want that.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She regretted not following her lifelong goals. Even though she was successful in her own right with Evan, she craved returning to her plan and working at her father's corporation.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She knew that Evan loved her and would follow her anywhere she went. But in her heart of hearts, she realized they would never be in sync. Additionally, she couldn't move him so from his sister, Liz. Evan Liz had such a special bond. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seattle was so far from Chicago, and Sarah worried that would negatively impact Evan and Liz's brother-sister connection.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She walked out on Evan without attempting to negotiate with him as she always had in past differences because she knew he would connect with her deeper emotional self like he did when he asked her to marry him. She knew Evan, well-meaning as he would have been, would have caused her to make a decision she would later regret. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She was committed to achieving her lifelong goal; even her love for Evan would not stand in the way. To her credit, she considered this the best decision for Evan, even if he couldn't see it at the time.    }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0}