{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah Prepares Her Apartment for Evan's Arrival<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah busily prepares for Evan's inaugural visit to her apartment, filled with anticipation. She devises an unexpected surprise to kickstart their date, adding an extra layer of excitement to their blossoming relationship. Her heart races as the time of his arrival nears, and she hopes the surprise will bring them closer.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's apartment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>6:30 PM on Friday Night following the Sunday softball game.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Rain and Thunderstorms<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>None<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Sarah: Relaxed, optimistic, hopeful, looking forward to the night ahead}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 POV: }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>None<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2> The scene starts with Sarah preparing her apartment for Evan's visit. In the beginning, we want to set the stage. We catch the reader up on Sarah's transformation from her stressful post-game party on Sunday to her more relaxed mood a few days later on Friday night.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Middle: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Most of the scene will be Sarah preparing the table and herself for Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival and mentally replaying her conversation with Katie the day after the post-party drama.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Katie had talked her (metaphorically speaking) down from the edge of the cliff. She convinced Sarah that she had overreacted to the post-game party. Katie told her it was just a typical party at a pub. That's no reason to question her decision about Evan or to let it overwhelm her. She was making a mountain out of a molehill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Sarah realized the wisdom of Katie's words. In fact, she had shared similar advice with girls in her honor classes that fell apart in a similar situation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 It took her a couple of days to find amusement in the high drama she injected into such a typical college experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She had no illusion that she would ever bond with Evan's group of friends, but she would never turn it into such a crisis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 She hadn't seen Evan since she dropped him off after the party. After losing two days of studies, she quickly got caught up and felt good about Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s visit. This scene should reflect her change in mood from the last scene after the party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Tonight is what she had in mind when she decided to enter a relationship with Evan. Just him and her enjoying each other's company, alone. When she's alone with Evan, she feels she can let go and explore this emotional side of her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In this scene, she will put study supplies and educational materials on the dining room table. However, we won't reveal to the reader why she was doing that until the next scene. We want to leave the reader curious why she is setting up academic materials for a Friday night date.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 End: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>A simple knock on the door end the scene. It will be Evan. The next scene will start with Sarah letting Evan in.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 After such an intense Sunday post-game party scene, we will give the reader a rest. This scene has no external dialogue because Sarah is its only character. But through her actions, thoughts, and inner dialogue, we find out that, with the help of her friend Katie, she recovered from her dramatic experience at Sunday's party.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Now she's relaxed, comfortable, and looking forward to an evening at her apartment with Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Dining room table}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Academic material}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Local pizzeria menus. The purpose of the pizzeria menus is so Sarah can order in from Evan's favorite pizzeria. This was Katie's idea. Sarah always cooks for one. She prepares her lean, simple meals at the beginning of the week, then heats them up for lunch and dinner as the week progresses. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Not knowing what Evan would like, Katie just stated the obvious. All college men are addicted to pizza\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 especially one from Chicago. Trusting Katie's knowledge, she collected menus from the nearby pizzerias. Include this in the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Since Sarah's apartment has already been fully described in a previous scene, conservative with the amount of narrative regarding the setting.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Focus more on the dining room table. That has yet to be described. It will be stylish and sizable because Sarah uses it to spread out during her study. That was her primary reason for buying a large table when it was just her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Have Sarah do a last-minute check for makeup and clothing in the mirror before she hears a knock on the door.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 You should mention what Sarah is wearing: jeans, a casual pullover T-shirt, and slip-on shoes. Let the reader know that Sarah likes her new look and the comfort of her clothes.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Tell the reader that Evan and Sarah's communication has been exclusively through texts since the party. Sarah was careful to take time before replying to Evan's texts. As much as she wanted to respond the split second after he texted her, and as much as she wanted to talk to him on the phone and see him in person, it was necessary for her to keep things slow so that she could catch up on her academic studies and her nonprofit commitments. This worked, and Sarah was all caught up, feeling free and untethered for the evening.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Note: Katie is mentioned in the scene, but she is not present. All references to Katie are related to a conversation Sarah remembered from early in the week.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li504\fi-144\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::4>}}