{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>"I saw the way your dad looked at you, and at me. You okay?" Evan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah sighed, her shoulders dropping as she turned to face him. "I don't know, Evan. It's all so complicated."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He nodded, taking a step closer. "Love is supposed to be the simplest thing, but the world has a way of making it complicated. Believe me, I know." Evan glanced away, as if summoning memories of his own complicated relationship with his father. "I proposed because I love you, more than anything. But I also know I asked in front of everyone we know. People say yes for all sorts of reasons. Obligation shouldn't be one of them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah felt her heart tighten. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>He's giving me an out. He's letting me go before we've even begun.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan continued, "I've got a week to return the ring, no questions asked. If you need more time, I can wait. I want you to be all in, or not in at all. I don't want you to ever think you're trapped."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her eyes met his, seeing the sincerity there. She thought about the ring on her finger, then at Evan's face--the man who'd stormed into her organized, planned life like a whirlwind, yet somehow made it better.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> I don't want to live without this ring, or the man who gave it to me. Whatever the cost, whatever I have to sacrifice, it's worth it to be with him.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She reached for his hand, intertwining their fingers. "I'm all in, Evan. Whatever comes next, we'll face it together."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's face broke into a relieved grin, his eyes twinkling like the ring that bound them. "Then let's face it head on."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Such is love, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah thought, feeling the weight of her decision like a bittersweet ache in her chest.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> You're never entirely certain, but you jump anyway. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She took a deep breath, bolstered by her commitment to Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Okay," she said, determination settling into her bones. "I'm ready to talk to my father."<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}