{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti settled in to watch the softball game. Her eyes immediately drifted to Sarah, who sat a few rows down, her head buried in a book. She was pretty, Patti admitted to herself. But why a book at a softball game? Why did Evan choose her? The thoughts stung, and a familiar jealousy welled up within her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah looked up every now and then, mostly when Evan was up to bat, and returned to her book, titled "Softball for Dummies." Her smile was genuine, her eyes filled with a keen desire to understand the game, to support Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Roxanne, seated beside Patti, seemed to have already made up her mind about Sarah. Unable to see the title of the book from her vantage point, her face twisted in irritation, she whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you fucking believe she's reading a book at her boyfriend's softball game?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti's lips pressed into a thin line. She wanted to share Roxanne's disdain but couldn't shake off her conflict. The morning air was crisp, but as the game progressed, the sun warmed the field, mirroring the increasing tension in Patti's mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Let's get something to drink, Patti suggested, standing up. I'm headed to the concession stand. Can I grab anyone a beer or something to drink?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Roxanne grumbled her order, and Patti turned to Sarah. Unaware of what a concession stand cells, Sarah asked if they served wine. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think they have any wine, but they may have some wine coolers. Would you like something else instead? My treat!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah looked up, surprised and appreciative. No, thank you, she replied, her voice soft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Roxanne rolled her eyes and mumbled an insult, but Patti shot her a scolding look and silently mouthed, Knock it off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The game was heating up, the score tied, Evan on third base, and Guido up to bat. The energy in the bleachers was palpable, and even Sarah was now fully vested in the game, her book forgotten. She pulled out the pendant that Evan had made for her, rubbing it nervously. Patti noticed the unique design, sensing its significance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido swung, connecting with a satisfying crack. The ball soared, and Evan sprinted home, scoring the winning run. The crowd erupted in cheers, Sarah jumping up and down, her face alight with excitement. Patti wanted to join in, but her enthusiasm was dampened, her eyes fixed on Sarah. Roxanne muttered something about Sarah being fake, but Patti barely heard her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan and Guido dashed toward the bleachers, high-fiving and hugging friends. Evan made a beeline for Sarah, picking her up and spinning her around before planting a passionate kiss on her lips. To Patti, it felt like a punch in the gut, a slap in the face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido invited everyone to "Sluggers," a sports bar and grille, for a post-game celebration. As Evan and Sarah headed to the car, Patti asked Guido about the pendant. His explanation, the story behind it, felt like a knockout punch. She had never known Evan to be creative like that. She had never received any sentimental gifts when they were together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Roxanne's complaints about Evan's insensitivity were drowned out by a feeling of resignation in Patti. The scene ended with her voice, low and defeated, asking Guido, He's in love with her, isn't he?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido's shrug, his silence, said it all.}}