{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Unbridled Emotion: A Vivid Awakening<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 Beginning:}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs30\cf1 Sarah and Evan find themselves back in the room, getting ready for bed. Evan told Sarah he was going to brush his teeth and offered to let her use the bathroom first. Sarah is in a state that might be called "drunken euphoria" or "blissful euphoria." It's a surreal feeling beyond anything she'd ever experienced before. Evan took her lack of an answer as the okay to go ahead and use the restroom first.}
\par\plain \f0\fs30\cf1
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\i1\cf6 [I will leave all of the creative writing to you in this beginning part of the scene. I will guide you with what I'm looking for, but it will be up to you to provide a narrative and internal and external dialogue for this first draft.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\i1\cf6 If ever there was a scene needing deep POV, it's this one. I'd like to see it almost poetic in nature. Sarah is on such a high that everything is vivid to her. I'll list some bullet points outside the embedded instructions that you can use or not use as you see fit. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\i1\cf6
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\i1\cf6 This should be a highly sensory scene. ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\i1\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-356\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::2>As Sarah enters the closet to grab a T-shirt and pair of shorts that will be substituting as pajamas, she finds herself touching the clothes she had bought and hanging up. Everything felt silk or plush like a stuffed animal; the carpet underneath her feet felt like the most plush she had ever felt. The colors of everything seem brighter and more profound and far more vivid. It was almost as if all sound had been muted to near-nothingness. The closest she could remember feeling this was on a trip to the Bahamas, where she went scuba diving. But even the serenity and vividness of that underwater adventure paled compared to what she felt now.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Time it disappeared. It felt like Evan had returned to the bedroom a second after he left. Somehow, she had changed into her clothes and hung up the clothes she was wearing without an any recollection of doing so.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan tried to talk to her, but she could not respond coherently. Evan figured she was just drunk from the wine. He handed her a toiletry bag and guided her to the bathroom. When he asked her, "You gotta from here, right?" She managed enough of a nod to satisfy Evan as he returned to the room.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 In the bathroom, she picked up a bowl of potpourri that Liz had on the bathroom sink, and, with a deep breath, or who knows, she took in every aroma of every aspect of potpourri. There was an unlit candle in the bathroom. She picked it up and smelled the scent of almonds and vanilla. She thought that was the most beautiful aroma in the work.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She felt the fluffy cotton towels on the counter for her and Evan to use when they shower. The softest cotton towels ever made.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 The steel of the felt faucet as smooth as ice as she ran her fingers along the faucet for no other reason but because she liked the smooth slick cool surface.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Eventually, she made it back to the bedroom, unsure how she got there, having no idea if she brushed her teeth and performed her nightly routine<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::3> [ For the record, her nightly routine was such an automatic repetitive routine that she did it almost subconsciously. ]<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan's voice slowly brought her back to reality by repeating her name, attempting to get her attention. Each time he calls her name, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, Sarah, Sarah..\u8221\'94 it gets louder and louder in her mind, but she doesn't snap out of her euphoric state until the middle part of the scene. This scene should end just before that point.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}}