{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red139\green93\blue0;\red186\green124\blue93;\red0\green135\blue216;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Mystery Guest Guesses<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 2: Middle of the Scene}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Everyone was enjoying their meal the food was delicious, but the subject at hand of the table was the empty seat.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe got a text, and announced that the mystery guest will be arriving shortly. He challenges the group to see if they can guess who it is.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\cf6 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (hand on her chin in thinking mode)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm. I honestly have no idea. Did you meet some famous Chicago bear player on some remodel of his home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Joe }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (grinning)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Nope! Better than that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (surprised by that response)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Better than a Chicago bear joining us for Christmas Eve dinner!? Did you meet my favorite Chicago Cubs pitcher, Lefty Loogan? You would be my hero for life if you invited him for dinner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe was quite enjoying himself he knew the mystery guest was gonna surprise Liz and Evan in the best of ways.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Nope! You're gonna like this guest even better than Lefty Loogan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Evan }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (playfully teasing Liz)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a minute. I know it is. It's Liz's favorite actor Harvey Hunksman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>Joe laughed.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz playfully gave Evan the evil eye.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Liz }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf7 (feigning anger)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don't have a favorite actor. But if I did it certainly wouldn't be anyone named Harvey Hunksman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1>After Liz said that, she playfully threw a dinner roll at Evan which Evan easily caught with one hand. This was evidence that this was not the first time that this family launched food at each other.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 After catching the general one hand, he took a big bite out of it. With his mouth full, he did his best to say thanks sis.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah was more observer than participant so far this meal. If she had been at a table like this before she met Evan, she be looking for a quick exit. While her initial gut reaction was horrified when she saw food fly across the table, it was hard for her to maintain that perspective watching how these three were enjoying each other and harmless fun. She didn't get all the jokes. She didn't know if Harvey Hunksman was a real actor, or just some joke she didn't understand. However, she was shocked that the last thing she would want to do is exit the stable. She thought oh my how I have changed.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf8
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0}