{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah and Katie pulled into the work site, the car packed with food and beverages. Evan and Guido were on hand to help, and the volunteers, hungry from their morning\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work, waited eagerly at the picnic tables.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 But no sooner had they begun to unload than a licensed handyman interrupted, urgency in his voice}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hate to interrupt your lunch, Sarah. But we have a potential fire hazard at one of the houses we are working on. It\u8217\'92s only a few miles away. I need someone in authority to approve the work needed to resolve the situation. Can you help me out here?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered, and a brief look of relief crossed her face. She\u8217\'92d always felt awkward among the field volunteers, out of place in their boisterous camaraderie.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I\u8217\'92ll help. Just let me finish getting the food to the volunteers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We got this, Sarah. You go deal with the emergency. We\u8217\'92ll save some food for you,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan reassured her, his voice full of understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a grateful nod, Sarah departed, leaving Katie, Evan, and Guido to distribute the lunch. Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled mischievously as he addressed Katie, }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey there, little lady. I don\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92ve officially met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You must be Guido.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice held amusement.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Apparently, my reputation precedes me. You seem to know about me, but I know nothing about you. Let\u8217\'92s sit together at lunch and fix such a travesty of justice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Um, I\u8217\'92m pretty sure my boyfriend would not approve,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie replied, finding Guido comical and harmless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t easily dissuaded. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, a boyfriend, you say. Is it serious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Very serious,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Katie responded firmly, letting him know she was uninterested.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you two ever break up -\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Guido began, only to be interrupted by Katie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Never gonna happen,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 she said, waving her index finger from side to side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan watched Guido wander off, a smirk playing on his lips. He turned to Katie, his eyes twinkling with amusement. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nicely done! You sent him packing in record time. I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever seen Guido give up so easily.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie grinned, her eyes dancing with mischief. She playfully blew on her fingernails, curled her hand, and then rubbed her fingernails on her shirt, performing the theatrical expression with flair. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, someone has to keep him in check. Might as well be me,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she retorted, her voice laced with humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed, appreciating her spirit. Together, they returned to the task at hand, their camaraderie strengthened by the shared moment of fun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The trio carried the food to the tent area, their feet crunching over the open grassy field. The bright white canopy gleamed under the high midday sun, casting a cool shade beneath its shelter. The wooden surfaces of the picnic tables were adorned with cheerful red-checkered tablecloths that fluttered in the gentle breeze. A sense of camaraderie and hope was in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As the aroma of sandwiches and chips mingled with the crisp fall air, Katie and Evan settled on either side of a new face--a young, 14-year-old volunteer named Diego. His presence had been an unexpected addition to the crew, the result of his own initiative. Evan saw a kindred spirit in the boy with a determination to make a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Diego had a mop of unruly, dark hair that seemed to dance with every step he took. His expressive brown eyes carried a spark of curiosity and energy that was infectious. He had a wiry build, evidence of his youth and the active lifestyle he led. Dressed in faded jeans and a worn T-shirt adorned with a superhero emblem, he exuded an air of youthful determination and innocence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart warmed at the sight of Diego, a sense of kinship blossoming within him. He had taken Diego under his wing earlier that morning, and their shared labor had been a bonding experience--a connection forged amidst the debris and the promise of renewal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Diego, this is Katie,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan introduced.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is she your girlfriend?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Diego asked, eyes wide.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, she\u8217\'92s my girlfriend\u8217\'92s good friend,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan answered, sharing a chuckle with Katie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Evan\u8217\'92s girlfriend is Sarah, the boss lady. Have you met her yet?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Diego shook his head, a grin spreading across his face as he chewed on his sandwich. Evan leaned closer to Katie, his eyes shining with admiration as he shared Diego\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He was riding his bike, just cruising around the neighborhood, when he saw us all working here. Instead of passing by like most kids would, he decided to join in,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan explained, his voice filled with pride.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened as she glanced at Diego, seeing him in a new light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Evan looked at Diego, something deeper stirred within him. He saw in Diego a reflection of his younger self, a mirror image of a similar family background with an absentee father and a mother struggling to make ends meet. This connection was unspoken yet understood between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie watched Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, touched by the connection he felt with Diego. Evan turned back to the young volunteer, his face breaking into a wide smile. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you believe that, Katie? His apartment building wasn\u8217\'92t even touched by the tornado. Yet here he is, spending his Saturday helping those who were not so fortunate, and he didn\u8217\'92t even have to be asked. Diego, you\u8217\'92re the man, dude!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan exclaimed, reaching over to high-five Diego.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Diego\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up, his eyes sparkling with joy as he returned the gesture, clearly thrilled by Evan\u8217\'92s praise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As they continued to chat, Diego\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s liveliness and hunger for life (and sandwiches) filled Evan and Katie with warmth. The conversation flowed effortlessly, Diego\u8217\'92s tales of his mom, sisters, friends, and pet dog painting a vivid picture of his life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Finally, it was time to return to work. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>You ready to get back to work, Diego?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure thing, boss.\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Diego\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was light, teasing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They cleared the tables, and as Katie wandered off to find something to clean with, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind drifted to thoughts of family, of Sarah, and of a future filled with love and purpose. Diego had touched something profound within him, igniting a spark that he knew would guide him forward. Diego felt like family, like the brother he never had, and in that moment, he saw the path he was meant to take, a path of giving, of connecting, of making a difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The seeds of a lifelong commitment to helping others had been planted in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart, sparked by a chance encounter with a young teen and a shared desire to make a difference.}}