{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah and Katie found themselves pausing as they stepped into the expansive, cutting-edge apartment. The atmosphere was a harmonious blend of lavish extravagance and sophisticated minimalism, reflected in the streamlined furniture and immaculate spaces. Unimpeded by clutter, the stunning panorama from the floor-to-ceiling windows stood out prominently. Awestruck, Katie's gaze swept across the interiors, soaking up every exquisite detail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Wow, this place is amazing! How many bedrooms are there?" The question resonated in the expansive space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Two," Sarah's response came as a quiet murmur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Is your roommate home?" Katie inquired, her visual exploration of the apartment ongoing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah negated with a shake of her head. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a roommate. It\u8217\'92s just me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes widened in surprise. "No roommate? You must be rich."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "My father is," Sarah shrugged. "He owns a large corporation. He wanted me to have an extra bedroom that I could use as an office. I usually work at the dining room table, or in my bedroom."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The idea of privacy, the luxury of space, left Katie yearning. "I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even imagine what it\u8217\'92s like not to have to share a room. It makes it impossible to study."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A silence settled between them, dense and tangible. Sarah watched as Katie's gaze took another spin around the room before she extended a friendly hand. "If you like, you can use my place if you need to study for a big test or just need some quiet time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Really! Thank you!" With those words, Katie lunged forward and gave Sarah a big hug, the latter taken by surprise but welcoming the warmth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie broke the hug, her eyes twinkling with an idea. "I scheduled an appointment with my stylist. She asked me to send a picture, so she can get an idea of what she might want to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, tell me about the guy you\u8217\'92re dating tonight. What\u8217\'92s his name? How did you meet?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's features softened and brightened at the mention of Evan. "His name is Evan. He saved me from falling on some steps. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what came over me, but the way he looked at me and told me he wanted to kiss me... I couldn\u8217\'92t help myself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "So, did you kiss?" Katie asked, her face lighting up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A small smile adorned Sarah's lips. "Yes, we did! Katie, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never experienced anything like that. It was like this other version of myself took over my body, and it felt incredible. My body was vibrating for hours afterward. Evan said the universe meant for us to meet like that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's exclamation of delight filled the room as she clapped her hands together. Her admiration for the romantic gesture was palpable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Katie was about to open her mouth to dive into another subject, the familiar buzz of her cell phone diverted her attention. She quickly glanced at the screen, her eyebrows arching slightly. "Oh, it's Nicole, my hairstylist," she explained. "She wants to confirm our appointment and she needs a picture of you to start making a plan for your makeover."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah blinked in surprise but then smiled in response. "Alright, let's do it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie quickly captured a picture of Sarah, her fingers flying over the phone as she sent the image to Nicole. Within moments, Nicole responded with a flurry of excited emojis, already expressing her eagerness to work on Sarah's transformation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie asked, "So altogether, including new clothes and hairstylist, what kind of budget are we talking?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No budget constraints, you're in charge!" Sarah said with a playful grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's eyes lit up at this and she squealed, clapping her hands in excitement. "Really? Oh, this is going to be so much fun!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The energy in the room was effervescent, reflecting off Sarah as her own excitement began to bubble up. It was new, this anticipation of a date, of being made over, of possibly breaking her own rules, but it was an invigorating feeling that Sarah welcomed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie, full of curiosity, veered the conversation towards Sarah's dating past. "You said it had been a while since you dated?" She was already conjuring up different makeovers in her mind, ready to transform Sarah for her date.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah grinned, a surprising lightness in her tone. "I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dated since I was 16."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "16? Wowza!" Katie's eyebrows shot up in surprise. But she wasn't done probing, her next question laced with a touch of delicacy. "If you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind me asking, are you a..." She paused, "virgin?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not a virgin," Sarah confessed, the hesitation barely noticeable. "I experimented for a short time in high school, but I didn't see what was so great about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie leaned in closer, her voice a comforting whisper. "It will be way different when you find the right guy.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A mischievous twinkle lit up in Sarah's eyes, an expression that silently echoed, "Maybe!?" This was a different Sarah, one who was open to the possibility of something more, something exciting, something like... Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Seizing the moment, Katie ventured to ask, "Do you think Evan may be the right guy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The response was immediate, Sarah's smile reaching her eyes as she raised her eyebrows. "He's the right guy if he makes love even half as good as he kisses!" }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their giggles echoed around the room, the atmosphere brimming with anticipation and the sheer joy of newfound possibilities. The girls were truly ready for a night that promised to be a roller coaster of emotions and revelations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's head tilted slightly, a silent question in her eyes. The puzzle of how a date came to be from a runner's flight was intriguing. Sarah's words offered the missing piece; Evan had sought her out in the library, persistent and charming. Despite her best attempts to stay true to her policy, she found herself succumbing to the magnetic pull of Evan's appeal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A knowing smile danced on Katie's lips as she watched Sarah's face transform, a touch of red gracing her cheeks. It was evident; the rule, the policy Sarah had held on to so firmly, had been fractured. A spark of defiance lit up in her eyes, an implicit admission of breaking her no-dating policy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's features softened into a warm, knowing smile. "So you decided to step beyond your no-dating policy?" Her tone carried no judgment; instead, it was rich with approval, almost as if she had been waiting for Sarah to allow herself this freedom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah shrugged, a hint of sheepishness creeping into her features. "I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a choice. Every time he kisses me, I can\u8217\'92t think straight. Since the moment I met him, I haven\u8217\'92t been able to study or focus on anything. All I think about is him. Maybe this date will help clear my mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Are you worried this might develop into something more?" Katie asked, her eyes glinting with mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I have thought a lot about that. If I could find a way to have a relationship with Evan without being distracted from my work, I would like that. The thought of having someone by my side when attending an event or someone to hang out with here at home, appeals to me. But, I have a feeling it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not going to be that simple."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie nodded, taking in Sarah's words. "Well, if you ask me, I think you are doing the right thing. You can't let your studies keep you from living your life. There is always a way to make things work. You just have to find your balance."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The author's style used in writing this scene: Character-driven narrative with a dash of dialogue-driven exposition. The description serves to enhance the setting, and character interaction is used to reveal their personalities, motivations, and background.}}