{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Name of the place:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> University of Illinois Food Court <!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Nickname:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> Undergrad Library. This is the name that the students on the campus would use. They would never call it by its full name.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Country:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> USA<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 State:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 City:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> Champaign/Urbana<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Type of place:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> Food Court<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 What role does this setting play in the story?}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Only one scene takes place at this location. When Evan charms Sarah into taking a break from her studies at the undergrad library, they go to the food court.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The shy and introverted Sarah struggles with the fact that everyone seems to know Evan, particularly female coeds. She questions herself why she's even there. She had committed to not engaging in any romantic relationships while in college, and although she found Evan attractive, she didn't see how they fit together. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The anxiety of the situation causes her to flee the food court. However, Evan chases after her and again charms her into agreeing to a date at the Thai Garden.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Description:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The food court at the University of Illinois is a bustling hub of activity, brimming with the sounds of students engaging in lively conversation, the clatter of trays and dishes, and the aromas of a myriad of different cuisines. The spacious place has high ceilings and a skylight allowing natural light during the day. In the evening, the area is illuminated by an assortment of warm, overhead lights.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Multiple food stalls line the perimeter, offering an international array of food options. From quick bites like burgers and pizzas to various Asian cuisines, Italian pasta dishes, and Mexican delights, the diversity is impressive. There's also a salad bar for those preferring healthier options and an irresistible dessert station filled with sweet treats.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 In the center of the food court is a large seating area filled with a mix of chairs, booths, and high tables. The seating arrangements are flexible, accommodating large groups and those who wish to dine alone.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The walls are adorned with vibrant murals depicting various aspects of university life and local landmarks, giving the space a unique, youthful, and energetic vibe.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The atmosphere in the food court is always lively and vibrant, filled with the infectious energy of students refueling between classes, discussing their latest projects, or simply hanging out and enjoying their meals.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4}