{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie, full of curiosity, veered the conversation towards Sarah's dating past. "You said it had been a while since you dated?" She was already conjuring up different makeovers in her mind, ready to transform Sarah for her date.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah grinned, a surprising lightness in her tone. "I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dated since I was 16."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "16? Wowza!" Katie's eyebrows shot up in surprise. But she wasn't done probing, her next question laced with a touch of delicacy. "If you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind me asking, are you a..." She paused, "virgin?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "No, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not a virgin," Sarah confessed, the hesitation barely noticeable. "I experimented for a short time in high school, but I didn't see what was so great about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie leaned in closer, her voice a comforting whisper. "It will be way different when you find the right guy.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A mischievous twinkle lit up in Sarah's eyes, an expression that silently echoed, "Maybe!?" This was a different Sarah, one who was open to the possibility of something more, something exciting, something like... Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Seizing the moment, Katie ventured to ask, "Do you think Evan may be the right guy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The response was immediate, Sarah's smile reaching her eyes as she raised her eyebrows. "He's the right guy if he makes love even half as good as he kisses!" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their giggles echoed around the room, the atmosphere brimming with anticipation and the sheer joy of newfound possibilities. The girls were truly ready for a night that promised to be a roller coaster of emotions and revelations.}}