{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red217\green149\blue148;\red0\green108\blue175;\red118\green146\blue60;\red0\green190\blue190;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0125 Evan Finds Sarah at the library}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Evan, Sarah}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Evan's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Locations}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Outside the entrance doors to the undergrad library. The area at and around the spot where Evan and Sarah first kissed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sweet, cute, charming, playful}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li230\fi-10\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Although the weather is not apparent from underground, Evan just entered from outside and knew it was a perfect day. Feel free to have Evan use this information to persuade Sarah to take a break on a beautiful day and walk with him to the food court.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This is meant to be a high-energy, fun, and playful scene. After not seeing each other since the day of their kiss, the chemistry between them upon their second meeting is palpable.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 While Sarah is still reluctant and somewhat resistant, Evan is all in. In this scene, we can see how Evan's charm and persistence will eventually shatter her resistance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This is the third scene at this location, so we don't need to be overly descriptive of the setting\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just small descriptions of their surroundings as required in the scene. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Please make sure to include the dialogue and actions from scene elements 27 through 30 verbatim in all versions of this scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 It's important to note that he still does not know Sarah's name at this time. Nor does she know his. They will exchange names early in the next scene.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The scene begins with Evan walking into the library, his eyes scanning panoramically, seeking Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan was sure that close up, he could identify her. But he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure he would recognize her from a distance. This became a moot point since only one student in the library dressed in a skirt suit. Although her hair was in a ponytail, Evan remembered the long blonde hair of his Cinderella. There was no mistake he had found his mystery girl.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah spotted Evan just as he headed toward her, and she slumped in her seat and pulled her book over her face, unsuccessfully trying to hide.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 4.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan approached Sarah. He smiled and waited patiently as her eyes peeked up at him from behind the book she was pretending to read. She lowered the book and sat up in her chair.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 5.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan held out the glasses that he had fixed and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart beat fast as she nodded.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 6.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Her breathing }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 increased, and her eyes closed as his hands moved toward her face. He carefully removed her glasses and replaced them with the glasses he repaired.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 7.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Following is a draft of the dialogue. The goal is to show Evan being cute and charming and Sarah finding him too charming to resist. And against her better judgment breaking from her study to go to the food court with him and get to know each other better.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\cf4 8.	}{\f0\fs28\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, much better. Not that there\u8217\'92s anything wrong with the glasses you were wearing, but I like these a lot better. I hope I did a good job fixing them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 9.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you did. Thank you. How much do I owe you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 10.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t owe me anything! But you can join me for a snack at the food court. We could call it an energy exchange?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 11.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  was s}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>truggling to resist her desire to go with Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have studying to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 12.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t take a half-hour break?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 13.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I have a lot to study.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 14.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I have to study too!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 15.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan disappeared between two bookshelves. He }{\f4\fs28\b0\i1 returned}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  to the table, sat across from Sarah, and intentionally read his book upside down.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 16.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you always read your books upside down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 17.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 turned the book right side up<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, now this book makes more sense!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 18.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah laughed after reading the title,<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f4\fs28\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>Female Poets of the 19th Century<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 . }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 ? You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look like a poetry major to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 19.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love the female poets of the 19th century.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 20.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you even name one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 21.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Emily Dickinson!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 22.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know that, or is she the only female poet you\u8217\'92ve heard of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 23.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am an expert on female poetry from the 19th century!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>joked Evan<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 .}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 24.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are, are you? Okay then, what is your favorite poem?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 25.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan looked down at the book. Sarah interrupted him.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 26.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Close the book. Okay, now tell me your favorite poem.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 27.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He spun his whimsical tale. }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 28.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I can\u8217\'92t remember who wrote it, but I remember the name. It\u8217\'92s called }{\f4\fs28\b0\i1\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::3>The Kiss<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 . It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a poem about this beautiful coed saved from certain death by a valiant young man. They have this most amazing kiss. But then she disappears like Cinderella. He ultimately finds her, and she futilely attempts to resist his charming ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 29.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, interesting. So how does the poem end?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 30.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Happily ever after, of course!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 31.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s charm weakened her resolve as she attempted to refocus on her study material. Evan opened the book again and altered his facial expression and voice to mimic a distinguished professor.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 32.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>He pretended to critique a poem.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very nice. Excellent poetic structure. Great use of hyperbole.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 33.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah giggled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are going to keep annoying me until I agree to go to the food court, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 34.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Evan: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Annoying? I was shooting for charming!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 35.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah laughed<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, fine, annoyingly charming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 36.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone turned a bit more serious. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll stop bothering you if you want. But I say let\u8217\'92s get to know each other. Unless I imagined it, that kiss was wonderful for you, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 too}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 . All I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m asking for is 15 minutes. That\u8217\'92s it, just 15 minutes of your time! What do you say?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 37.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah relented and silently packed up her stuff.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 38.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that a yes?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>he asked<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 .}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 39.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it is!\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 40.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah gathered up her stuff. Evan asked very gentlemanly as he motioned her to walk in front of him, and when they got to the door, he opened it for her. The scene will end at this point. The reader should be left feeling good about what happened and great anticipation for what comes next. Chemistry and romance are in the air.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 41.	}\f0\fs28\b0\i0}