{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red0\green135\blue216;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2798969\li4033633\lin4033633}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-6657\li9593\lin9593}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\fi-6657\li19179\lin19179}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Unplugging for Love: A Christmas Commitment<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 As the magical and unforgettable Christmas Eve drew to a close, the family's final tradition of opening one gift per person had been fulfilled. Eager for a peaceful night's sleep before the bustling excitement of Christmas morning, Sarah and Evan prepared to retire to their room. Yet, Sarah had one last surprise for Evan up her sleeve. Handing her laptop and phone over to Liz, she asked her to stash them away securely and to resist any pleas from her to give them back until after Christmas was over. With this simple yet profound gesture, Sarah demonstrated her commitment to truly unplug and focus solely on their family Christmas\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a priceless gift that offered an immeasurable reward.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 It was nearly time for bed on Christmas Eve. Evan's mom had returned to her hotel, and the tradition of everybody opening one gift for Christmas Eve had been completed. Important to know for this scene is that earlier in the evening, Sarah admonished herself for sneaking in some work when she promised that she wouldn't. She sought redemption and received it for voluntarily admitting her guilt. However, Evan was not angry. He just asked her to limit her time working. Evan knew she could be a workaholic, but He also understood that she does important work.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois. A northern suburb of Chicago.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene takes place evening on Christmas Eve - shortly before bedtime.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Frigid cold in windy outside \endash  a typical winter day in Chicago. It's dry and cold and this day, but Liz hopes for snow the following day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah, Liz, Evan <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe, Bridget - Evan's mom. She was the mystery guest.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah continues to evolve throughout the evening. By the end of the evening she gifts Evan something special. Although, he indicated he would be okay with her working during their Christmas visit, as long as she kept in check, she decided to give her phone and laptop to Liz until after Christmas day in order to show Evan how serious she is about keeping a promise and focusing on him and her new honorary family. Liz's feeling love and affection in different ways and at higher levels than she did as ever experienced before.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Evan is touched by Sarah's gesture. She had impressed him in ways he never expected on this Christmas Eve. He admired Sarah. He loved her and was proud of her.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>With their cleanup duties complete, Evan and Sarah had to go to the living room for the Christmas Eve gift opening.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [ I'm going to have you write the narrative for the various gifts everybody might've gotten or write a general narrative about how everybody enjoyed their gift-opening experience. It's not very important to the story. Christmas music playing in the background, etc. ] }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>After all the gifts were opened, Bridget asked if anybody minded if she retired to her hotel for the evening. She was exhausted from traveling and the exciting day. Liz reminded her Mom to return before 8 a.m. That was the time the Christmas morning gift opening was to commence.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 After a round of goodbye hugs from everyone, Liz opened the door for her mom and said good night. Before she closed the door, she looked up at the sky.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (hopeful)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Any signs of snow, Liz?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (making a pouty face)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunately not. I was really hoping for a white Christmas this year.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Joe }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (trying to be optimistic)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I heard the weatherman say there's a slight chance of snow tomorrow.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93They always say that. We haven't had a white Christmas in three years.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I think Sarah and I are gonna head to our bedroom and get some rest. I want to make sure I'm well-rested for tomorrow!\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (sincere)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know you already opened your Christmas Eve present, Evan. Would it be a severe violation of tradition if I were to give you a second present this evening?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Evan looked at Liz\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the decision-maker of the family.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz could see in Sarah's eyes this was important to her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (being supportive)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No, there are no such rigid restrictions in our traditions.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Joe }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (chimed in, hoping for a reprieve)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Wonderful! Does that mean I can skip watching that movie again tomorrow!?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (chuckled)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Except for that tradition.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Joe feigned a disappointed face. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (grateful and excited)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Awesome! Thank you so much. I'll be right back.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 Evan }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 (face curled in confusion and surprise)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Did Sarah just use the word awesome?\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Liz and Joe laughed at Evan's sincere surprise.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah returned a few minutes later with her laptop case in her left hand and her cell phone in her right hand. She handed them to Liz.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Everyone seemed confused.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (explained)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Put those somewhere safe, and do not tell me where they are. I don't care if I beg you or bribe you. Under no circumstances am I allowed to have those until the day after Christmas.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (truly touched by Sarah's gesture)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, you don't have to do that.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Liz }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (sincere)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Your gesture is enough, Sarah. You'll get no judgment from this family. I agree with Evan. You don\u8217\'92t have to do this.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (speaking softly as she looked into Evan's eyes)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I know I don't have to. That's why I want to.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan nodded to Liz. As Liz began to walk away to hide Sarah's laptop and phone. Sarah called out her to wait a second. Sarah did a quick foot shuffle a few feet she needed to get to Liz, whispered something in Liz's ear and giggled, then Liz whispered back into Sarah's ear and they both giggled. Liz then returned to her electronic-hiding task, and Sarah returned to Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Evan }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (a mixture of curious and confused)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What was that all about?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf10 Sarah }{\f5\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 (throwing her arms around Evan shoulders and neck, drunken of blissful happiness)}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 :}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I'll never tell.\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0   }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 The scene ends as they share a gentle kiss.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf11
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This scene shows to continued emotional expansion of Sarah.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  Embedded instructions within the narrative or dialogue markers are to be used for specific actions, emotions, or detailed descriptions within the scene. These can be bracketed or in parentheses. Example: "[describe in vivid detail Liz's apartment]" or "Liz (smiling warmly):". }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 When an embedded instruction is part of the dialogue marker, it may appear in parentheses instead of square brackets. Example: "Liz (playful teasing):".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  All dialogue provided must be used verbatim. Dialogue markers will be the character's name followed by a colon. Example: "Evan: Patti, how dare you!'".}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Text not enclosed in quotes or marked by embedded instructions should be treated as general narrative elements that are open for adaptation or expansion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Emphasize "showing" over "telling" when possible, using descriptive imagery and action rather than plain statements.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV to provide an immersive reader experience. Deep POV is a close third-person narration style that offers direct access to a character's thoughts and feelings.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Important Note: The output should be in a format suitable for a published romance novel. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Be sure to omit the following when writing the scene:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. Example: "Evan:"}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Any embedded instructions, whether they're in brackets or parentheses.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1}