{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stood just outside the entrance of the undergrad library, his heart still pounding from the kiss. He glanced down at the spectacles in his hand, a silent testament to the whirlwind event that had occurred just minutes prior. All thoughts of studying had fled; Sarah was the only subject matter on his mind now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His feet began to trace the familiar pathway to the Morrow Plots, almost on autopilot, as his mind played out the scenarios of Sarah returning. He pictured her surprise upon seeing him there, her delight upon receiving her mended glasses. The fantasy was tantalizing. He did not stray too far, lingering near the sight of their stolen kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan paced, his eyes scanning the area for a hint of Sarah. One hour passed, then another. She did not return. Disappointment crept in, but with it came a renewed determination. He would mend her glasses, return to the same spot tomorrow. He hoped fate or Sarah's schedule would be consistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With his newfound resolution, Evan sought out his friend Guido, his steps carrying him towards The Quad. As expected, Guido was in the midst of his own adventure, attempting to charm two sophomore coeds. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Yanking Guido away from his endeavor, Evan said, "I gotta tell you something!" His voice echoed his excitement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "Why'd you do that?" Guido protested, his bravado still on display. "I had those two in the palm of my hand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Ignoring Guido's typical exaggeration, Evan blurted out, "I just kissed the most beautiful, amazing, wonderful woman in the world!" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido responded with skepticism, a hint of sarcasm edging his words. "Sure you did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Undeterred, Evan pressed on, relaying the entirety of his story, brandishing Sarah's glasses like a prized trophy. Guido laughed, his surprise echoing through The Quad. Seeing Sarah's glasses were broken, Guido said,"That must've been one hell of a kiss!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 "It was!" Evan's voice was soft, reverent. "I think I will call her Cinderella. Instead of leaving a glass slipper, she left eyeglasses."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido raised an eyebrow, visibly taken aback. "You kissed a girl seconds after meeting her? That's not like you, bro."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan shrugged, his face lighting up with the memory of the encounter. "The Universe dropped her on my lap, and I had to go for it."}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\cf4 "And now?" Guido asked, ever the pragmatic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf4 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going to fix her glasses and try to find her tomorrow. Do you have an eyeglass repair kit?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf4 Guido's gaze fell on Evan like he'd lost his mind. "Sure, I got one in my back pocket," he quipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf4 "I should be able to find one at the mall. You want to come with?" Evan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\cf4 "Nah," Guido glanced across The Quad at a lone girl, "I see a lonely lady over there that looks like she needs a visit from 'The Guido.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92"<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 And with that, they parted ways, Evan headed towards his car with a newfound mission and a heart brimming with anticipation. Despite the uncertainty of whether he would find Sarah the next day, he felt an unusual sense of excitement, like he was on the brink of something truly wonderful.}}