{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 The Morrow Plots, an idyllic, agrarian stretch on the campus of the University of Illinois, were the backdrop to Evan's whirlwind emotions. The plots stood in silent testimony to his distress, indifferent yet comforting in their familiar simplicity. He paced back and forth, the kiss with the woman of his dreams looping like a silent film in his mind. Sarah's face, close to his, her scent still lingering, and the sensation of her lips against his, played repeatedly. He clutched her broken glasses in his hand, an echo of her presence, and hoped fervently she would return to claim them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Between his pacing, he allowed himself the distraction of inspecting the Morrow Plots. The rows of corn waved gently under the warm sun, mirroring the turmoil in his heart. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i1 Sarah, will you return?}{\f0\fs28\b0  His heart echoed in unison with each beat. He carefully pocketed the glasses, a precious cargo he planned to repair and return. It seemed only right. A hopeful part of him held onto the idea that, perhaps, she would be back at the same time, at the same place, tomorrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Desiring companionship in his euphoria, Evan found his way to The Quad. He was met with the familiar sight of Guido, his best friend, in the midst of another failed attempt at courting. With a quick tug, he pulled Guido away from the unsuspecting sophomores, their laughter ringing in his ears. Evan could hardly contain himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I just kissed the most beautiful, amazing, wonderful woman in the world!" Evan blurted out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido, ever the skeptic, dismissed his excitement with a sarcastic remark, "Sure you did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan, undeterred, insisted, "I did, Guido! I am telling you I did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 And so, amidst Guido's surprise, disbelief, and finally acceptance, Evan painted the mystery of his Cinderella. Her name was unknown, her glasses broken, but his heart was decidedly captured. Evan, once cautious and reserved, found himself embarking on an impromptu quest driven by a single kiss and a pair of damaged glasses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido, his initial amusement replaced with a sincere curiosity, asked, "What are you gonna do now?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "I am going to fix her glasses and try to find her tomorrow. Do you have an eyeglass repair kit?" Evan replied, his resolve firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido's response was pure, undiluted Guido. "Sure, I got one in my back pocket," he said, rolling his eyes in a classic display of Guido sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan sighed and glanced at the direction of the mall. He had a pair of glasses to fix and a date with destiny to prepare for. As Evan made his way to his car, the anticipation of the following day enveloped him like a cocoon. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i1 I'll see her tomorrow,}{\f0\fs28\b0  he thought, the anticipation of the encounter making his heart flutter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Just like Evan, the readers were left in suspense, hoping and waiting for the next chapter of this unexpected love story. A Cinderella mystery in the heart of Illinois.}}