{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Any format that you find convenient would work, but here's a suggestion on how you could structure it:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Genre and Setting:}{ Briefly describe the genre of the novel (romance, fantasy, sci-fi, etc.) and where and when the story is set. This could be as simple as "modern day New York City" or as complex as "a futuristic, post-apocalyptic world where..."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 2.	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Characters:}{ Give me a short description of your main characters, their personalities, motivations, backgrounds, etc. This can be bullet point form or in prose.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 3.	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Main Conflict:}{ Describe the primary problem or conflict the characters are facing. What is the goal they are trying to reach, and what obstacles are in their way?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 4.	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Plot Structure:}{ If you have a general idea of the plot structure, provide that. This could include major events or turning points in the novel.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 5.	}{\f0\fs28\b1 Themes/Messages:}{ Describe any themes or messages you wish to communicate through your story.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Here's an example of what this might look like:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Genre and Setting:}{ This is a contemporary romance novel set in a small town in Maine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Characters:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Anna: A successful businesswoman who returns to her hometown every year for Christmas. She's independent, smart, and a bit skeptical about love due to a heartbreak in her past.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Ben: Anna's high school sweetheart who still lives in the town. He's kind, patient, and never really got over Anna.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Main Conflict:}{ Every year when Anna returns home, she and Ben reconnect, but they can never make it work due to their different lifestyles. They need to figure out if their love is worth sacrificing their individual dreams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Plot Structure:}{ Anna comes back for Christmas -> Anna and Ben reconnect -> They rekindle their romance -> A conflict arises -> They resolve the conflict -> The cycle repeats the following year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Themes/Messages:}{ The book will explore themes of love, sacrifice, and whether it's possible to have it all - love, career, and personal dreams. }}