{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Certainly! Here's the updated character profile for Roxanne:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Name: Roxanne}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Gender: Female}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Age: 20}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Occupation: Junior at the University of Illinois}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Eye Color: Brown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Hair Color: Black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Height: 5\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'925\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Personality Traits: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Fun to be around: Roxanne's energetic and outgoing nature makes her a blast to be with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Wisecracker: She has a quick wit and often cracks jokes, sometimes at others' expense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Sarcastic: Her humor often leans towards sarcasm, adding a sharp edge to her interactions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Self-involved at times: Roxanne's focus on her own interests can sometimes overshadow the needs of those around her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Independent: She values her freedom and makes her own choices without undue influence from others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Promiscuous: Openly embracing her sexuality, Roxanne doesn't shy away from casual relationships.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Party girl: Her grades suffer from her focus on boys and booze, but she's the life of any party and a fearless dancer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Relationships: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Patti: Best friend}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 - Evan and Guido: Part of their inner circle of friends}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Physical Description: Roxanne's appearance is characterized by her black curly hair that reaches her shoulders, dark brown eyes, and average body weight. Always dressed provocatively, she enjoys flaunting her bold style.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Narrative: Roxanne is a character that brings liveliness and complexity to the story. Her personality traits combine to create a character who is independent, fun-loving, and sometimes self-centered. Her relationships with the main characters, especially her best friend, Patti, add depth to the narrative, showcasing different aspects of college life, friendship, and young adulthood. Her promiscuous nature and penchant for partying provide opportunities for engaging scenes and interactions, and her sarcastic wit can add humor and tension to various situations.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5}