{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}{\f8\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f9\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> Liz Prepares Christmas Eve Dinner<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Part 1: Beginning of the Scene}
\par\plain \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1 <$Scr_Ps::3>[ The last scene ended in a cliffhanger with the door opening unexpectedly in front of Sarah, and she had horror in her eyes with what she saw. We are going to leave the reader hanging a little bit, as this scene happens in synchronization with Evan and Sarah's drive to Liz's house. Normally when I introduce new characters, start with a narrative about the characters and the new location/setting. But it helps not to confuse the readers who are expecting an instant resolution to the previous cliffhanger scene, and get a jump into the action first, and then direct you provide a narrative. Note: This scene and precisely where the last scene ended in a convergence of paths. ]<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\ql\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs26\b0\i0 A melody of later Christmas songs was playing in the background. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  loved hosting parties of any size, but preferred intimate family gatherings around the holidays. She was rinsing off the vegetables in the sink when }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her gently on the neck.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe (}{\f7\fs26\b1\i1 warm loving tone}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 ):}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Did I ever tell you you're the most beautiful woman in the world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you have, plenty of times. But I never got tired of hearing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Can I have a kiss?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  turned to face }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0 , a teasing look on her face.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz (}{\f7\fs26\b1\i1 playful teasing}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 ):}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to tell me who our mystery guest is tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Nope! You're just going to have to wait like everyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93Well then you're just going to have to wait for your kiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  kissed }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  on the tip of the nose and turned around to return to her meal prep. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  playfully tickled her, turned her around, and playfully begged her for a kiss.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93All right, just one quick one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  was in charge of cooking all of the sides, desserts, and the dinner salad. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  was in charge of grilling the oversized turkey in his large Weber charcoal grill on the balcony of their second-floor apartment.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93How is the turkey coming along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe:}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93It should be ready in a bout an hour. I thought Evan would be here by now. Have you heard from him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  pulled out her phone to show }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  some pictures that }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Evan}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  had just sent of houses from the detour }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Sarah}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  and he made to a neighborhood famous for its Christmas decorations.}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz (}{\f7\fs26\b1\i1 showing Joe the pictures}{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 ):}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f8\fs26\b0\i1 \loch\af8\hich\af8\dbch\af8\uc1\u8220\'93He and Sarah took a detour to that neighborhood they call Candy Cane Lane. He said they were just there and they should be here in about 15 minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  told }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  that she was running behind and either to pick up a knife and start chopping vegetables or to go check on the turkey and watch his basketball game. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Joe}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  chose to watch turkey duty and basketball. He grabbed a carrot on his way out. }{\f6\fs26\b1\i0 Liz}{\f5\fs26\b0\i0  playfully smacked his hand.}
\par\plain {\f8\fs26\b0\i1 [ By telling the reader that Evan was just leaving Candy Cane Lane, the reader can surmise that this scene is happening simultaneously and hopefully anticipate that the cliffhanger will conclude at the end of the scene - which it does.]}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li1080\fi-720\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f9\fs26\b0\i1 <$Scr_Ps::4><!$Scr_Ps::4>}}