{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-373617\li538425\lin538425}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-498156\li717900\lin717900}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li40427\lin40427}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-28053\li80820\lin80820}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-21040\li30320\lin30320}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-21040\li60615\lin60615}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-15780\li45461\lin45461}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Secrets Shared and Withheld<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah reveals the promise ring Evan gave Katie, sharing her conflicted feelings about her future with him. Katie provides a compassionate ear, helping Sarah navigate her emotions. Sarah confesses that she misled her parents about her relationship during a phone call minutes earlier, adding another layer to her internal struggle.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Valentine's evening had been full of loving words and passionate lovemaking. This scene took place the next evening where Sarah had returned to her doubtful self. She asked Katie to come over so they could talk about what the promise ring that Evan had given her on Valentine's Day meant. The prior scene ended with Sarah misleading her parents about the significance of the ring and about the intensity of her feelings for Evan.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's Apartment<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evening after Valentine's Day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>N/A<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Characters Present:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Katie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>None<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Character Emotional State:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah was concerned and anxious about what the promise ring from Evan meant. Her anxiety and feeling of guilt increased when her parents called (in the prior scene) about the promise ring based on Facebook, and Sarah downplayed her feelings for Evan and the significance of the promise ring. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Katie:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Katie was being a supportive and compassionate friend for Sarah. However, Katie wasn't sure how to guide Sarah due to Sarah's indecision about a future with Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah returned to living room after her stressful talk with her parents. She updated Katie, admitting she wasn't completely forthcoming with the true depth of her feelings for Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>[ The following dialogue are just ideas to guide you. You are not required to use the dialogue verbatim, feel free to use as much or as little of it as you need. It's rough draft so I'm sure there plenty grammatical errors let me know if you have any questions or something doesn't make sense.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>As far as a conclusion to this scene goes, Sarah is no closer to clarity than she was at the beginning the conversation. If anything she's a more distressed. To put it bluntly Sarah is scared. Make sure the ending of this scene reflects her uncertainty and her fear of the unknown future.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Potential key dialogue:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie:   "If you or any other girl in the world, I would know exactly what to say. I would either listen to you and validate whatever you tell me, or I would tell you Evan's great guy and to follow your heart. But you're an enigma Sarah. You're different than anyone I've ever known. You're an amazing woman. I know you love Evan, but I also know that you spent your whole life with the very clear plan. You're going to have to decide if those two trues can coexist."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I've thought about that often. I see no way they can coexist. Evan's life is here. Evan wants a family. Evan needs to be by his sister. There's no way I can ask him to follow me to the East Coast or to the West Coast after I graduate.\u8221\'94  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that's a tough one. Sooner or later you're going to have to talk to him.\u8221\'94  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93And say what? I wouldn't even know what to say. I can't even imagine mouthing the words that I want to break up with him.\u8221\'94  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want to break up with him?\u8221\'94  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don't. But I'll tell you what really scares me. At some point I have to make a decision. It's obvious, where Evan wants this to go. I feel like all the pressures on me to decide between the man I love now, and the man who gave me life and I've loved and respected for the entirety of that life that he's given me. The truth is, I've already made up my mind. My mind clearly states that I am to follow the path that I set out for myself. It makes sense. If it's who I am. It's clear and safe.\u8221\'94  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie (unclear): \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What about that scares you?\u8221\'94  <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93What scares me is my heart doesn't agree at all. What scares me is that I may end up choosing to stay with Evan, not because it's the right choice for me, not because it's the best choice for me, not even because I want to be with him for the rest of my life.\u8221\'94  Sarah pauses and continues. "What scares me to death is that I choose to be with Evan for no other reason than I can't live without him."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f4\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The scene depicted the fluctuating nature of Sarah's feelings about her relationship with Evan. Just the day before, the reader had seen how much Sarah loved Evan on a romantic Valentine's Day evening. While at first, she was touched by his gift of a promise ring, when the passion and romance of Valentine's Day subsided, she became concerned about what the promise ring meant to Evan, and what it might mean to her future plans.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Promise ring.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}}