{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan strode into the library, his eyes scanning the sea of tables and bookshelves. It was a shot in the dark to think he would recognize her in such a large crowd. But there, towards the back, sat a figure dressed in a business suit with hair wound in a tight bun. His heart leapt. The mystery woman from their unexpected encounter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She was already watching him, he noticed as he headed her way. A blush bloomed across her cheeks, and she tried to hide her face behind the book she was holding. He held back a chuckle. There was something endearing about the sight of her trying to hide behind a dense medical textbook. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As he approached, she peeked up at him over the edge of the book, eyes wide. She set the book down and straightened in her seat, her chest rising and falling a bit too quickly. Holding out the pair of glasses he had fixed, he asked, "May I?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her breath hitched slightly, but she gave a hesitant nod, her eyes fluttering closed as his hands moved toward her face. He gently removed her current glasses and replaced them with the repaired pair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Ah, much better," he said with a smile. "Not that there's anything wrong with the glasses you were wearing, but I like these a lot better. I hope I did a good job fixing them?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her eyes blinked open, adjusting to the new lenses. "Yes, you did. Thank you. How much do I owe you?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His smile widened. "You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t owe me anything! But you can join me for a snack at the food court. We could call it an energy exchange?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She hesitated, biting her lip. "I have studying to do."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He gave her a playful grin. "You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take a half-hour break?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I have a lot to study," she insisted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Well, I have to study too!" He disappeared briefly behind a bookshelf, returning moments later with a book of his own. He sat across from her, intentionally holding his book upside down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Do you always read your books upside down?" she asked, failing to suppress a laugh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He flipped the book, revealing the title - Female Poets of the 19th Century. "Ah, now this book makes more sense!" he replied, chuckling at his own joke. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her laugh filled the air between them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you even name one?\u8221\'94 she teased.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Emily Dickinson!\u8221\'94 he shot back confidently.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know that, or is she the only female poet you\u8217\'92ve heard of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am an expert on female poetry from the 19th century!\u8221\'94 he declared, and her laughter filled the room once again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His charm was chipping away at her resolve, he noticed as she attempted to return to her study materials. He opened the book again, altering his tone to mimic a professor's. "Very nice. Excellent poetic structure. Great use of hyperbole."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are going to keep annoying me until I agree to go to the food court, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 she said, trying to stifle her giggles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Annoying? I was shooting for charming!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed, feigning shock. Her laughter echoed around them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, fine, annoyingly charming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He sobered a bit, "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll stop bothering you if you want. But I say let\u8217\'92s get to know each other. Unless I imagined it, that kiss was wonderful for you, too. All I\u8217\'92m asking for is 15 minutes. That\u8217\'92s it, just 15 minutes of your time! What do you say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Silence hung in the air as she seemed to weigh his words, finally relenting as she packed up her things. "Is that a yes?" he asked, already knowing the answer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it is!\u8221\'94 She smiled at him, and it was all the confirmation he needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As they readied to leave, Evan stepped aside, gesturing for her to lead the way. With a small smile, she passed him, and he followed, reaching the door first to hold it open for her. Together, they stepped out into the perfect morning sunlight. A sense of anticipation, a blossoming of something new and exciting, filled the air. The scene was set - there was chemistry, there was romance, and there was a whole world waiting for them to explore together. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 *The author's style used in this scene was Romantic and Realistic.*}}