{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Knee to knee, Evan and Sarah sat on the bed, their eyes locking as if trying to read the unsaid words hidden in each other's depths. Evan extended his hands, palms upward, inviting. Sarah hesitated for a breath, then placed her hands in his. The contact was electric, like touching a live wire, but not painful\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 invigorating. Her senses, still singing from the euphoria that had wrapped her in its embrace earlier, soared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This was a touch she knew, a touch she'd felt before, but never like this. It was as if her skin was extra receptive, her nerves conducting more than mere physical sensations but a symphony of unsaid emotions, unarticulated desires, and ineffable joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Silence draped over them, an almost sacred stillness. Evan's eyes remained unwavering, like twin lighthouses guiding her through a storm she didn't know she was weathering. And then, from a place deep within\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a place she hadn't known existed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a foreign sensation bubbled up. It was as if her diaphragm was a well, slowly being filled, each drop making its way up through her torso, her chest, her throat. She couldn't name this feeling, couldn't understand it, but it was rising and she was helpless to stop it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her vision blurred as the first tear broke free, followed by another and another. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sarah, what's the matter? Why are you crying?" Evan's voice was a blend of worry and confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She released his hands and flopped her arms to her sides, as if gravity had suddenly become too much to bear. "I don't know," she said, the words a bewildered chirp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Are those happy tears or sad tears?" His brow furrowed, the lines a reflection of his sincere puzzlement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I don't know," she repeated, voice lilting into an almost comical octave, her arms mimicking the earlier, hapless gesture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A smile cracked Evan's concerned facade. "Well, are you happy or sad?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I've never been happier in my life," she declared, the words torn from her by a sob that managed to sound ecstatic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's arms enveloped her, his chuckle a rumble against her cheek. "Is there anything I can do for you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I don't know," she said for the third time, her voice tinged with laughter and tears, a cocktail of raw, unchecked emotion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He reclined, pulling her with him until she rested at his side, her head pillowed on his chest. Her tears showed no sign of ceasing, but neither did her profound happiness. As if by mutual agreement, they surrendered to the silence and the unwinding reel of emotion. Eventually, Sarah's tears dried, her breaths evening out as sleep claimed her. Evan's arms were her sanctuary, her newfound emotions a mystery neither needed to solve in that singular, intimate moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They fell asleep wrapped in an understanding that transcended words, her final tear a punctuation mark on a sentence they were just beginning to write.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 **Author's Style: Jodi Picoult\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 deep emotional focus, intricate internal monologue, layered character relationships.**}}