{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah entered her apartment and closed the door behind her, a mixture of emotions swirling within her like a storm. She leaned back against the door and released a long sigh, feeling as if she were floating on a cloud. The evening's events had left her vibrating with excitement, a sense of relief washing over her like a gentle wave. The experience had been nothing short of exhilarating, leaving her weightless in its wake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's voice cut through her thoughts, pulling her back to the present. "I am guessing by the look on your face that the date went well?" Her eyes sparkled with a mixture of hope and curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's lips curled into a radiant smile as she met Katie's gaze. "It was perfect."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's own excitement was palpable as she jumped up and down, embracing Sarah in a tight hug. Her voice trembled with genuine happiness as she exclaimed, "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m so happy for you, Sarah. Come sit down, let\u8217\'92s talk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah followed Katie to the couch, settling in as she held out the pendant for her friend to see. "Evan calls me his Cinderella because I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m always trying to run away from him like it\u8217\'92s midnight."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a knowing smile, Sarah shared the story behind the necklace, the sentiment and thoughtfulness that Evan had poured into its creation. As she spoke, she felt a tear well up in her eye, the emotions of the moment overwhelming her once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's voice was soft as she responded, her eyes shining with empathy and a touch of envy. "Oh, Sarah, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so romantic. I swear you are the luckiest woman I know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's heart swelled with joy, her fingers tracing the delicate pendant as she replied, "I feel like the luckiest woman alive."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A gentle buzz from her phone drew her attention to a Facebook message. She pulled it up to reveal a relationship request from Evan. A mix of nerves and excitement coursed through her as she showed it to Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Evan wants me to confirm that we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re in a relationship," she explained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's question was straightforward, her curiosity evident, but her voice carried a note of seriousness. "Are you in a relationship?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's smile spoke volumes as she nodded. "Yes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie playfully raised an eyebrow, a teasing glint in her eye. "Wow, you move fast! Are you going to confirm it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's response was filled with genuine enthusiasm. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever wanted to do anything more in my life."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With a simple tap on the screen, she confirmed the relationship on Facebook, solidifying the connection she had already felt in her heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's words were filled with warmth, her face reflecting the affection she felt for her friend as she watched her friend's radiant glow. "I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait for all the details. You are glowing!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's laughter was like music, a reflection of the happiness bubbling within her. "I feel incredible, Katie! In a single day, I have an amazing new friend and an amazing new boyfriend. For the first time, I feel like a normal woman."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As she spoke, a surge of emotion coursed through her, and she couldn't help but thrust back against the cushion in sheer jubilation, her excitement practically tangible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Katie, I had no idea it would feel this good." Her heart soared as she basked in the glow of newfound emotions. Sarah thought, _In the past, I might have scoffed at girls gushing over boys and talking endlessly about romantic feelings. But now, I finally understand. I know what it's like to be kissed romantically, to feel this rush of emotion and connection. And in this moment, I wouldn't trade it for anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In that moment, Sarah let go of her rational thoughts, surrendering to the overwhelming surge of feelings that enveloped her. She reveled in the sensation of being a "normal woman," embracing the intoxicating journey she had embarked upon with Evan.}}