{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Certainly! Here's the rewritten scene template:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Summary:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Christmas morning at Liz and Joe's apartment was filled with excitement as gifts were unwrapped. Evan's present to Liz, a first-semester report card with three A's and one B, showcased a GPA increase to 3.2 and symbolized his academic growth thanks to Sarah's help. The most poignant moment occurred when Joe gave Liz the final gift \endash  an engagement ring, accompanying a heartfelt proposal that added a touch of romance to the festive celebration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Leading Context:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The day after Christmas had arrived, and Evan and Sarah were packed and ready to head back to their college town. It had been a great Christmas day for everyone, with the joyous events including Liz accepting an engagement ring and proposal from Joe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Setting:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Location: Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Time: The day after Christmas, around 6 PM.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Weather/Environment: It was cold outside, but the city had cleared the snow from the roads, making it safe to drive.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Characters Present:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Main Characters: Liz, Joe, Sarah, Evan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Secondary Characters: None}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Character Emotional State:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Liz: Liz and Joe were extremely excited because they had secretly eloped during the day and planned to reveal this to Evan and Sarah before they left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: Before Liz revealed her elopement, Evan felt a little down about having to return to his college town, Champaign, Illinois, so soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah: On the outside, Sarah appeared neutral. To her, this day was like any other. On the inside, she was anxious to get back to her event planner duties for the busy holiday season.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Objectives/Goals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The scene aimed to reveal Evan's excitement that Liz was now a married woman and his brother-in-law was a man he respected, Joe. It also captured Evan's disappointment that he had to leave so soon. Normally, he would stay longer for Christmas, but Sarah needed to get back for her work.}}