{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Character Profile: Liz Vaughn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Basic Information:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Name: Liz Vaughn}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Gender: Female}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Age: 23}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Place of Birth: Glenview, Illinois}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Current Residence: Glenview, Illinois}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Physical Attributes:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Resembles: Actress Lauren Graham}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Hair Color: Brown}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Hair Length: Medium-Long}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Hair Style: Wavy}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Eye Color: Brown}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Height: 5'7"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Weight: Average weight plus 5 to 10 pounds}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Physical Appearance:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Liz Vaughn is a 23-year-old woman of average build, standing 5'7" tall and carrying an extra 5 to 10 pounds beyond her average weight. Her face is framed by medium-long, wavy brown hair that cascades gently around her shoulders. Her eyes, a deep and warm shade of brown, exude kindness and wisdom, mirroring her nurturing personality. Her clothing choices lean conservative, often featuring business casual attire for her professional life. She wears dresses for special occasions and sometimes while working, reflecting a style that is modest but elegant. Her overall appearance conveys a sense of maturity and grace, in harmony with her role as a mentor and mother figure to many.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Clothing and Fashion Choices:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Conservative for both work and personal life.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Business casual for professional life.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Wears dresses on special occasions and occasionally while working.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Personality Attributes:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Personality Traits: Sage archetype, INFP Myers-Briggs profile.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Mentor and mother figure to many.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Compassionate and kind.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Strengths: Helpful, caring, compassionate, loving, reliable, nurturing.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Likes:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Wine and coffee.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Socializing with friends and family.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Helping people with their problems.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Dislikes:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Rude people.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Manipulative people.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Social media.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Falsely modest people.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Arrogant people.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Catchphrases:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 "If it's meant to be, it will be."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 "Things have a way of working out."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 "Everything happens for a reason."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Relationships:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Evan: Younger brother by two years. Mentored him after parents' divorce. A role model and surrogate mother.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Guido: Treated like a younger brother.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Joe: Boyfriend turned husband in the future.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Background/History:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Education Background: Bachelor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s degree in business administration from Illinois State University.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Family background: Parents divorced when she was 12.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Health History: Healthy in the present, but fertility problems in the future.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Future Outlook:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Aspirations/Dreams: Marry, buy a house, have children, live a simple and happy life.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0 Primary Goal: Get married and start a family.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 Role in the Novel:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Liz plays a small role in this book when she receives a call from Evan asking for advice about finding Sarah. However, understanding her role in Evan's life is essential. When Evan was a 10-year-old, his father left, and Liz, as a supportive big sister, became indispensable in his life. Their unshakable, unbreakable bond extends far beyond this event. As Evan's mother works two jobs to make ends meet, Liz steps in, taking on multiple roles. She becomes a big sister, a mentor, and a surrogate mother for Evan. Liz was always mature beyond her years. Even at 12 years old, she possesses the temperament and maturity of an adult. She embraces and thrives in her role, supporting Evan and their mom. Under Liz's guidance, Evan transforms from a resentful, hotheaded, rambunctious child and teen into a man everyone admires. She wishes she could find a way to help Evan let go of his resentment and forgive his father. The love and respect between Liz and Evan are as deep as any bond between siblings. Each would do anything for the other. Key Events: Her parents' divorce. Beliefs: Liz has a strong moral compass and believes family is life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most important part.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Character Description:}{\f0\fs28\b0  Liz Vaughn, 23, embodies wisdom, compassion, and nurturing qualities that have defined her relationships, particularly with her younger brother, Evan. Born and raised in Glenview, Illinois, she carries a strong sense of family and moral integrity. Her brown eyes radiate kindness, and her medium-long, wavy brown hair adds to her approachable demeanor. Her clothing choices reflect her conservative nature, favoring business casual in her professional life and dresses for special occasions. Liz has a tendency to be the mentor and mother figure in her relationships, always putting others' needs first. She's a lover of wine and coffee and enjoys socializing with family and friends but dislikes rudeness, manipulation, and arrogance. Her personality aligns with the Sage archetype, and her Myers-Briggs type is INFP. Strengths like being helpful, caring, compassionate, loving, reliable, and nurturing define her character, but these strengths also manifest as her weaknesses, as she sometimes prioritizes others to her own detriment. In her relationships, Liz is a devoted sister to Evan and a loving partner to Joe, her boyfriend who becomes her husband in the future. Her dream is simple yet profound: to marry, buy a house, have children, and live a happy and fulfilled life. Her role in Evan's life, as a sister, mentor, and surrogate mother, has been instrumental in shaping him into the man he becomes. Liz's strong moral compass and her belief in the importance of family form the foundation of her character. Her aspirational goal of starting a family mirrors her love for those around her. Her character symbolizes the enduring bonds of family, the transformative power of love, and the resilience of a young woman who has matured beyond her years, providing guidance and support to those she loves. Her presence, though small in the novel's plot, has a profound and lasting impact on Evan's life.}}