{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the confines of her academic sanctuary, the undergrad library, Sarah Wilkins, a college senior, savored her favorite cup of coffee, her mind captivated by a compelling audio seminar. As she reflected on the seamless execution of her meticulously crafted college plan, little did she know that destiny had other plans in store. Within minutes, an unforeseen encounter was poised to sweep into her life, altering the trajectory of her day, her semester, and quite possibly, the very fabric of her existence.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 B.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah Wilkins, a college senior, found solace in her academic haven, the undergrad library, sipping her favorite cup of coffee as a captivating audio seminar played in the background. Lost in thought, she marveled at the enchanting unfolding of her carefully orchestrated college plan. Unbeknownst to her, fate was about to intervene, weaving a new chapter into her day, her semester, and quite possibly, igniting a spark that would transcend time and fate.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 C.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Within the warm embrace of the undergrad library, college senior Sarah Wilkins enjoyed her favorite cup of coffee, her heart captivated by a compelling audio seminar. Amidst her blissful reflection on the harmonious execution of her college plan, she remained blissfully unaware of the forthcoming surprise. Within minutes, an unforeseen encounter was destined to weave its way into her day, her semester, and quite possibly, her heart, forever altering the course of her life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 D.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tucked away in her academic sanctuary, the bustling undergrad library, college senior Sarah Wilkins sipped her favorite cup of coffee while the engaging audio seminar played on. As she marveled at the seamless execution of her meticulously crafted college plan, little did she know that within minutes, an unforeseen encounter was hurtling toward her, poised to unleash a chain of events that would challenge her resilience and alter the course of her day, her semester, and perhaps her very identity.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 E.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Amidst the hushed ambiance of the undergrad library, college senior Sarah Wilkins savored her cherished cup of coffee, her mind captivated by an enthralling audio seminar. Lost in her reflection on the meticulously unfolding college plan, she had no inkling that a fateful encounter was about to shatter her tranquility. Within minutes, an unforeseen twist of destiny was set to thrust her into a harrowing journey, where secrets would surface, and the course of her day, her semester, and her very life would be forever changed.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 F.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the cozy haven of the undergrad library, college senior Sarah Wilkins sipped her favorite cup of coffee, her heart brimming with gratitude for the enlightening audio seminar. As she marveled at the seamless unfolding of her well-thought college plan, she had no clue that an unexpected encounter was poised to bloom. Within minutes, a fateful twist of fate would usher in a wave of change, shaping her day, her semester, and possibly, leading her to a love she never imagined.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 G.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah Wilkins, a college senior, found respite in the vibrant undergrad library, savoring her favorite cup of coffee as she immersed herself in an engrossing audio seminar. Reflecting on the harmonious symphony of her college plan, she remained oblivious to the impending twist of fate. In mere minutes, an unforeseen encounter was hurtling toward her, poised to alter the course of her day, her semester, and plunge her into a whirlwind of suspense and intrigue.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 H.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tucked away in her academic haven, the undergrad library, sipping her favorite couple coffee, listening to a compelling audio seminar, reflecting on how delightfully her carefully orchestrated college plan was playing out, college Senior Sarah Wilkins was blissfully unaware that within minutes, an unforeseen encounter that will alter the course of her day, her semester, and perhaps her life.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 I.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Within the heart of the bustling undergrad library, college senior Sarah Wilkins clung to her beloved cup of coffee, her ears attuned to the captivating audio seminar. As she reveled in the seamless unfolding of her college plan, unbeknownst to her, a fateful encounter lurked on the horizon. Within minutes, the course of her day, her semester, and her very existence would be irrevocably transformed, plunging her into a tumultuous journey where courage and survival would become her allies.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 J.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Tucked away in the vibrant undergrad library, college senior Sarah Wilkins found sanctuary, her favorite cup of coffee lending comfort as she delved into an enthralling audio seminar. Reflecting on the harmonious symphony of her college plan, she remained unaware of the impending twist of destiny. In mere minutes, an unforeseen encounter would emerge, steering the course of her day, her semester, and possibly unveiling the latent powers within her, destined for a greater purpose.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}