{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Create/Replace this location profile.<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Location Profile:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Name of the place:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1> Business-101 Classroom <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Country:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1> USA<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 State:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1> Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 City:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1> Champaign/Urbana<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Type of place:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1> Large classroom<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 What role does this setting play in the story?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1>As a teacher's assistant, Sarah teaches first-year students enrolled in Business-101 in this large classroom once a week. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 This was the very classroom Sarah rushed into right after sharing her first kiss with Evan. Unusually late, she disrupted her otherwise flawless track record as a teaching assistant. Overwhelmed by the unexpected romantic encounter with Evan, she became uncharacteristically disorganized, jotting down lessons on the board that hadn't even been introduced yet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In that moment, a more vulnerable and relatable version of Sarah emerged. While her students typically found her classes somewhat monotonous, they were pleasantly surprised by this unexpected shift in her demeanor. Thrown off balance by her interaction with Evan, Sarah managed to instruct in a manner that captivated her students, allowing them to see her in a new light. They realized that Sarah, contrary to their assumptions, was not one-dimensional but had a unique and engaging personality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 A week later, the same room served as the setting for another significant moment. Sarah approached one of her students, Katie, requesting assistance in preparing for her first date since she was a teenager. Eager to help, Katie readily agreed to give Sarah a modern makeover for her impending date with Evan.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Description:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The University of Illinois boasted a sizable classroom where wisdom echoed off the walls and into the minds of its students. Laid out like a grand theater, the room contained over a dozen rows of tiered seating, reminiscent of the captivating cinematic venues. These rows were broken up into three sections, the flanking ones each housing six seats, while the central section accommodated a more significant twelve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 In an unconventional setting, the room featured no student desks; instead, each seat was designed such that the students could comfortably use their laps as makeshift writing surfaces. Each maroon seat, dark and durable, was affixed to its neighbor, contributing to the seamless, theater-like aesthetic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Stairs conveniently partitioned the seating sections, providing easy access to each row, all the way up to the back of this spacious room. Looking up, the eyes were met with towering 30-foot ceilings, amplifying the grandeur of the classroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 The teacher's area was flanked by an expansive whiteboard, dominating the wall space behind it. A wooden podium held court beside a similarly constructed desk, complete with an office chair nestled behind it, providing an organized yet inviting space for the instructor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Two speakers, adhered to either side of the whiteboard, hung from the wall, ready to amplify the voice of knowledge resonating from the front of the room. The aesthetics of the room were warm yet disciplined, with chestnut-colored wood cladding the walls up to four feet from the ground. Above this wooden adornment, vanilla-painted walls ascended toward the lofty ceiling, providing a soothing contrast to the dark wood below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf6 Scattered symmetrically on both walls to the left and right of the seating were several identical pieces of neutral geometric artwork, adding a touch of creative elegance to the otherwise academic surroundings. These unobtrusive designs complemented the room's austere charm, contributing to the vibrant yet studious ambiance that permeated this well-loved classroom at the University of Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}