{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah and Evan entered Sluggers Sports Bar and Grill, immediately embraced by the lively energy of sports enthusiasts and the tantalizing aroma of a backyard barbeque. Memorabilia adorned the walls, flat-screen TVs displayed various games, and the gleaming bar beckoned with its wide selection of drinks. Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with excitement as he gave the host Guido\u8217\'92s name, and they were seated at a reserved table made of polished wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As they settled in, friends began to trickle in, their faces glowing with pride and joy. High-fives, hugs, and handshakes were exchanged. Shout-outs went to Evan for scoring the winning run in the Enforcers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 latest win.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah forced a smile, trying to engage, but felt like an outsider. No one spoke to her. She glanced at the door, secretly hoping Patti would walk through, her one connection in this crowd. But Patti was a no-show.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Where\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Patti? She\u8217\'92s the only one who talks to me.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The thought was interrupted by the larger-than-life entrance of Guido, who threw open his arms with flair and announced,}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Ladies and gentlemen, your hero, the Guido, has arrived! Now we can kick this lame party into high gear!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  His voice rose above the din, his posture full of triumph and self-assurance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Laughter and chatter escalated, the group reveling in the victory. The TV screens flashed with highlights, the faces of famous athletes watching over them, their successes immortalized on the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 But for Sarah, the laughter felt alienating, the noise overwhelming. She looked at Evan, so natural in this environment, so happy and proud. But she felt alone, disconnected.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, where\u8217\'92s Patti?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan asked Roxanne, puzzled by her absence, as he always saw her and Roxanne together at gatherings like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Roxanne\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered to Sarah, a pointed glare in them, filled with unspoken blame. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93She wasn\u8217\'92t feeling well,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she said, her voice cool, letting the words hang in the air. Her gaze lingered on Sarah a moment longer, ensuring her message was delivered without saying it outright. The unspoken message was clear to Sarah, though Evan remained oblivious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank. She had hoped that Patti might be her saving grace for the evening. She couldn\u8217\'92t understand Roxanne\u8217\'92s passive-aggressive glare implying it was Sarah\u8217\'92s fault that Patti didn\u8217\'92t show.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With no hope of a friendly face other than Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, Sarah picked at her food, the taste of the hearty bar fare lost on her, the vibrant setting fading into a blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The celebration continued, friends engaging with the memorabilia, commenting on the games, and ensuring beers remained full. Guido was the life of the party, his loud voice filled with enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts drifted to her past, her lifelong struggle to connect. Her successes and failures always so clear-cut, so black-and-white. And now, at this moment, she felt like a failure. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Maybe I shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have broken my number one rule. I could be home right now, reading, studying, and stress-free.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She leaned over to Evan, her voice barely above a whisper. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Can we please leave?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They left shortly after dinner, Evan making excuses about studying, protecting Sarah from his friends\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 disappointment. His friends teased and tried to persuade him, but Evan stuck to his decision to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 During the walk to the car, Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s emotions were in turmoil. She asked Evan to drive, holding back tears, refusing to cry from emotional duress.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not unusual for someone new to the group to be less talkative. Happens all the time.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan reassured her, his voice gentle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Upon arriving at Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment parking lot, Sarah exited the car and headed to the driver\u8217\'92s side. Evan\u8217\'92s warm, reassuring kiss, delivered just before she sat in the driver\u8217\'92s seat, provided a momentary balm to her inner turmoil. But the lingering distress was far from resolved. She pretended to feel better, forcing a smile as she drove away, leaving Evan at his apartment. As she headed home, the silence in the car became a heavy burden, amplifying her mind\u8217\'92s doubt and self-reproach. Her earlier feelings of isolation and failure were now her sole companions on the journey.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Did I make a mistake with Evan? Maybe I shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have entered this relationship with Evan. What was I thinking?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The questions lingered as she drove on, the lively atmosphere of Sluggers Sports Bar and Grill a distant memory, her struggle to connect a present reality.}}