{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-157620\li227148\lin227148}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-210160\li302864\lin302864}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-157620\li227148\lin227148}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Template:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz Receives Two special Christmas Gifts<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Christmas morning at Liz and Joe's apartment was filled with excitement as gifts were unwrapped. Evan's present to Liz, a first-semester report card with three A's and one B, showcased a GPA increase to 3.2 and symbolized his academic growth thanks to Sarah's help. The most poignant moment occurred when Joe gave Liz the final gift \endash  an engagement ring, accompanying a heartfelt proposal that added a touch of romance to the festive celebration.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The day after Christmas had arrived, and Evan and Sarah were packed and ready to head back to their college town. It had been a great Christmas day for everyone, with the joyous events including Liz accepting an engagement ring and proposal from Joe.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois. A northern suburb of Chicago.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>The day after Christmas around 6 PM.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> It was cold outside, but the city had cleared the snow from the roads, making it safe to drive.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz, Joe, Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>None<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Liz and Joe: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz and Joe were extremely excited because they had secretly eloped during the day and planned to reveal this to Evan and Sarah before they left.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Before Liz revealed her elopement, Evan felt a little down about having to return to his college town, Champaign, Illinois, so soon.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> On the outside, Sarah appeared neutral. To her, this day was like any other. On the inside, she was anxious to get back to her event planner duties for the busy holiday season.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Liz)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Beginning:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the beginning of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 End: <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The scene aimed to reveal Evan's excitement that Liz was now a married woman and his brother-in-law was a man he respected, Joe. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 It also captured Evan's disappointment that he had to leave so soon. Normally, he would stay longer for Christmas, but Sarah needed to get back for her work.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\sb180\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Props/Items:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Information<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 <!$Scr_Ps::6>}}