{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan was enjoying his brief, gentle kissing session with Sarah when an irritating voice called out from a distance. It was Guido, his street-wise tone shouting, "Yo Evan. Come on, let's go. We have a fridge full of beer at home calling our names."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido's voice wasn't a source of anger for Evan. Rather, it was a mild annoyance that interrupted the sweet moment he was sharing with Sarah. Evan's lips pulled away from hers, a reluctant end to a pleasurable interlude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah chuckled and smiled, her eyes twinkling with amusement. "The Guido is beckoning you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan laughed and rolled his eyes, his expression a mix of fond exasperation and understanding. "I suppose it's time to break the bad news."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'll leave you to it. Thank you again for sacrificing your softball game to help us out," Sarah said, her voice filled with sincere gratitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm happy to do it," Evan assured her, his voice overlaid with Guido's distant calling. He continued, with a warm smile still on his face, "Meet you in your office in about an hour?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah agreed, gave Evan a quick kiss goodbye, and headed to the onsite mobile office. Her footsteps were light, and she turned back once, her eyes still shining with joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Annoyed at Guido's repeated shouting, Evan raised his voice, "I'm coming, I'm coming." His feet took him toward an impatient group of friends waiting for him halfway between the mobile office and the designated parking area. As he got closer, the clamor of their voices grew louder, but something else caught his attention. Patti's face, usually so carefree and full of laughter, looked stressed. Her eyes were shadowed, and her lips pressed into a thin line. A worry crept into Evan's mind as he approached, wondering what could possibly be bothering her. The happy bubble that had enveloped him seemed to deflate slightly, replaced by a growing sense of unease.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}