{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The farmlands of central Illinois were bathed in the soft glow of twilight as Evan and Sarah's lips met, a gentle kiss that spoke of a connection far deeper than mere attraction. It was a sweet intimacy, a shared secret between them, one that they were still exploring with tentative joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 But even in this quiet moment, reality was never far away. Guido's shout came from the distance, a street-wise call filled with camaraderie and impatience. "Yo Evan. Come on, let's go. We have a fridge full of beer at home calling our names."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan pulled back, a reluctant smile playing on his lips. He glanced at Sarah, whose eyes sparkled with amusement. "The Guido is beckoning you," she teased, her laughter a melody that resonated in his heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a roll of his eyes and a good-humored laugh, Evan accepted the intrusion of the outside world. "I suppose it's time to break the bad news."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's smile softened, her gratitude evident in the warmth of her gaze. "I'll leave you to it. Thank you again for sacrificing your softball game to help us out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm happy to do it," Evan assured her, feeling a surge of pride and contentment. The sound of Guido's voice in the background did little to break the spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Meet you in your office in about an hour?" he asked, the promise of more time together a sweet anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a quick kiss goodbye, Sarah headed to the onsite mobile office, leaving Evan to face his friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm coming, I'm coming," he called, annoyance briefly flaring at Guido's repeated shouting. But as he approached his friends, Evan's eyes were drawn to Patti. Her face, usually bright and animated, looked strained and stressed. Something was wrong, a hidden turmoil that tugged at Evan's heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As he neared, the unspoken question hung in the air, a cloud of uncertainty that hinted at challenges yet to come. The evening's chill seemed to creep in, and Evan felt a sudden, inexplicable shiver of apprehension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This version aims to reflect Danielle Steel's style, with a focus on relationships, subtle emotions, and the undercurrents of feelings that drive the characters. It paints a picture not just of the external events, but of the emotional landscape that the characters are navigating, setting the stage for the deeper exploration of relationships and personal growth that is typical of Steel's writing.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}