{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Under the soft afterglow of a fading sunset, Evan found himself lost in a tender moment with Sarah, their lips meeting in a gentle, lingering kiss. The world around them seemed to pause, save for a voice calling from a distance. It was Guido, his tone playful and street-wise, "Yo Evan. Come on, let's go. We have a fridge full of beer at home calling our names."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The voice was a mere ripple in Evan's contentment, a fond annoyance that nudged him back to reality. Reluctantly, he pulled back from Sarah's lips, their eyes meeting in mutual understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "The Guido is beckoning you," Sarah said with a soft chuckle, her eyes filled with warmth and humor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's laughter mingled with hers, a shared moment of levity in their burgeoning love. "I suppose it's time to break the bad news."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'll leave you to it. Thank you again for sacrificing your softball game to help us out," Sarah said, her voice laced with appreciation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I'm happy to do it," Evan reassured her, his gaze holding hers as Guido's voice filtered through the background. "Meet you in your office in about an hour?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's affirmative was sealed with a quick kiss, and then she was on her way to the onsite mobile office, her silhouette receding into the gathering dusk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Annoyance tinging his voice, Evan called out, "I'm coming, I'm coming." The words were a reluctant farewell to the private world he and Sarah had momentarily inhabited. As he made his way toward his waiting friends, Patti's anxious expression caught his eye. The worry etched on her face was a discordant note, pulling at him with an undercurrent of concern. Her usual vivacity was dimmed, and Evan's heart tightened with a premonition that something was amiss. His footsteps slowed, and a shadow passed over his joy, a foreboding of changes on the horizon.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}