{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's head tilted slightly, a silent question in her eyes. The puzzle of how a date came to be from a runner's flight was intriguing. Sarah's words offered the missing piece; Evan had sought her out in the library, persistent and charming. Despite her best attempts to stay true to her policy, she found herself succumbing to the magnetic pull of Evan's appeal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A knowing smile danced on Katie's lips as she watched Sarah's face transform, a touch of red gracing her cheeks. It was evident; the rule, the policy Sarah had held on to so firmly, had been fractured. A spark of defiance lit up in her eyes, an implicit admission of breaking her no-dating policy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie's features softened into a warm, knowing smile. "So you decided to step beyond your no-dating policy?" Her tone carried no judgment; instead, it was rich with approval, almost as if she had been waiting for Sarah to allow herself this freedom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah shrugged, a hint of sheepishness creeping into her features. "I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a choice. Every time he kisses me, I can\u8217\'92t think straight. Since the moment I met him, I haven\u8217\'92t been able to study or focus on anything. All I think about is him. Maybe this date will help clear my mind."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Are you hoping this date will lead to something more?" Katie asked, her eyes glinting with mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I have thought a lot about that. If I could find a way to have a relationship with Evan without being distracted from my work, I would like that. The thought of having someone by my side when attending an event or someone to hang out with here at home, appeals to me. But, I have a feeling it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not going to be that simple."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie nodded, taking in Sarah's words. "Well, if you ask me, I think you are doing the right thing. You can't let your studies keep you from living your life. There is always a way to make things work. You just have to find your balance."}}