{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;\red118\green146\blue60;\red217\green149\blue148;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah arrived at her class about five minutes late. However, that was not the biggest shock for students. They had never seen the tall, slender }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6B3125B4-52C5-4DD3-AE6D-2F808ACB87C4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 blonde }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 without her glasses or her hair in a bun.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I apologize for being late. It will not happen again. Today we will review material that will be on next week\u8217\'92s exam.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah wrote on the board. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>One student in the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5F20B15D-3027-4452-A226-B57E4D8F8960"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 class }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 raised his hand<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>and commented<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ms. Wilkins, we haven\u8217\'92t seen any of that material before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Still lightheaded from her kiss with Evan, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://81B76531-C8ED-41E8-9335-3A6831E5E356"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Sarah }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 inadvertently wrote information about the next section of the course. She took a deep breath, put down her dry erase marker, and walked around to the front of the table that served as a }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3C442B34-3841-45B1-BEF8-56B775402F4C"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 desk}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 . She leaned back against the table in a semi-seated position and took a fresh approach to the review session. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever have one of those days where something happens that you didn\u8217\'92t expect, and it throws you off your game?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Most of the class smiled and either commented or nodded, indicating that they can relate.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Today is one of those days for me.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In stark contrast to her usual dry and monotone teaching style, Sarah spoke with energy her students had not experienced from her before.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me tell you a secret about exams. 80% of the questions test to see if you remember the material. The other 20% comprises trick questions to test how thoroughly you understand the material. Instead of wasting time on simple questions, how about we focus on the trick questions? I think this will give everybody a better chance to ace this exam. Is everybody agreeable to that?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The class was in full agreement and quite excited that, for the first time, they might enjoy Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s class. After the class ended, one student, Katie Andrews, stopped by Sarah\u8217\'92s desk.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ms. Wilkins, I just wanted to say how much I enjoyed your class today. Whatever happened }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A45EDC71-5CE8-4F61-9A59-A76AEF33DF0A"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 today}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 , I hope it will happen again next week,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>Katie said<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>as she left the room<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 .<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}