{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red217\green149\blue148;\red0\green108\blue175;\red118\green146\blue60;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-889\li1280\lin1280}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name: }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0115 Sarah is Frazzled}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah, Katie}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah's Classroom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah was frantic at the beginning of class but had an epiphany. She decided to embrace the moment, relax, and conduct a more collaborative teaching session \endash  a  stark contrast from her typical one-way lecture teaching style.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Start the scene with a vivid description of the location as defined in the location profile.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Include the confusion and mixed energy of the class as they look at a vacant podium and wonder where their always punctual teacher's assistant, Sarah, is.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The dialogue provided may be used or changed at your discretion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah arrived 10 minutes late to her Business-101 class. However, that was not the biggest shock for her students. They had never seen their teacher without her glasses on or with her long hair let down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Hoping to hide the internal chaos she was feeling, she straightened her outfit and her expression. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I apologize for being late. It will not happen again. Today we will review topics on next week\u8217\'92s exam.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 She wrote on the board. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::2>One student raised his hand<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ms. Wilkins, we have never discussed that material.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 Still lightheaded from her kiss with Evan, Sarah inadvertently wrote information relating to the next section of the course. She took a deep breath, walked to the front of her desk, leaned back in a semi-seated position, and chose a fresh approach to the review session. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever have one of those days where something happens that you didn\u8217\'92t expect, and it throws you off your game?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Most of the class smiled and acknowledged they could relate.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Today is one of those days for me.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In stark contrast to her usually dry and monotone teaching style, Sarah spoke in a relaxed, relatable tone.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me tell you a secret about exams. 80% of the questions simply test your memorization. The other 20% are often trick questions to gauge how thoroughly you understand the material. Let's focus on the trick questions instead of wasting time on simple questions. I think this will give everybody a better chance to ace this exam. Is everyone agreeable to that?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The vote was unanimous. The students were excited they might enjoy Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s class for once. After the session ended, one student, Katie Andrews, stopped by the teacher\u8217\'92s desk.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1><$Scr_Ps::0>Katie: <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ms. Wilkins, I wanted to say how much I enjoyed our class today. Whatever happened, I hope will happen again next week!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah thought<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf5  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me Too!\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}