{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The underground undergrad library, a hidden sanctuary beneath the bustling campus of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, housed a wealth of knowledge within its hallowed walls. It was a place where students sought refuge from the world above, diving into a sea of books, papers, and digital resources. One corner of the library was adorned with historical plaques, recounting the rich history of the university and its significance in agricultural research. Among these, the Morrow Plots, the oldest experimental cornfields in the world, stood as a testament to the university's enduring commitment to learning and growth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 On this perfect day, the sun's warm rays filtered through the windows, casting a soft glow upon the students immersed in their studies. Among them was Sarah Wilkins, a driven and ambitious business major with a passion for international commerce. Her focused gaze fixated on her laptop screen, where an audio seminar on expanding business internationally played through her earbuds. It was a riveting discourse, and she couldn't help but hang on to every word, her desire for knowledge fueling her dedication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unbeknownst to her, time was slipping away like grains of sand in an hourglass. Sarah's role as a teacher's assistant required her to teach a Business-101 class to eager first-year students, a responsibility she took seriously. However, in her engrossment with the seminar, she lost track of time and risked being late for the very class she was supposed to lead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The realization hit her like a bolt of lightning, causing her heart to race in panic. Hastily, she gathered her belongings from the study table, ensuring she didn't leave anything behind. The earbuds remained snugly nestled in her ears, playing the final few minutes of the seminar that held her captive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 With every step, the urgency to reach her class on time intensified. Sarah wanted to catch every last word of the audio seminar, unwilling to sacrifice any valuable insights. Her determination propelled her forward as she navigated the labyrinthine corridors of the underground library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Ascending the stairs that led to the library's exit, Sarah's mind was singularly focused on her seminar, unaware of the world around her. The library, known for its tranquil ambiance, seemed like a mere backdrop to the knowledge she sought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As she ascended the stairs, the sounds of the library started to fade behind her. The footsteps of other students, the hushed whispers, and the soft rustling of pages were gradually replaced by the distant hum of the world above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Yet, unbeknownst to Sarah, fate had something in store for her. Beyond the confines of the library, an unforeseen encounter awaited her, one that would alter the course of her day, her semester, and perhaps even her life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The scene ends here, leaving the readers hanging in suspense as Sarah's journey continues towards the library exit, her earbuds still tightly in place, oblivious to the impending twist of destiny.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}