{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>It was 7:45 a.m., a quarter hour before the agreed-upon gift-opening time, and Liz and Evan sat at the dining room table, each sneaking glances down the hallway with a sense of anticipation. The air held a mix of excitement and impatience, like a pot ready to boil over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan broke the silence, his eyes still lingering on the hallway. "Liz, I'd like you to open the gift from Sarah and me last. If that's okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz chuckled. "I didn't know money was so tight, Evan. You didn't have to get me anything. But of course, I'll open it last if you'd like."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "The good news is the gift for you didn't cost a penny."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Hmm, a priceless gift you say. Color me curious," Liz responded, now genuinely intrigued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Their attention shifted back to the subject at hand. "You're probably going to win," Evan finally said, thinking of Sarah's tardiness in mornings. "Sarah was a little late to rise today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I'm surprised Joe's not out here right now," Liz mused, worry tingeing her voice. "He's been up since 6 a.m., restless. He's been acting strange all morning--really, all week."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe had been jittery, his actions tinged with an uncharacteristic urgency. Evan weighed his sister's words for a moment before replying, "Probably because he was trying to keep it a secret about Mom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s visit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "That's what I thought too," Liz sighed, "but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still acting weird, even though the secret is out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Before Evan could reply, the sound of footsteps echoed down the hall. Sarah was the first to appear. Evan jumped from his seat, pumping his fist. "Yes! Bragging rights for a year!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah raised an eyebrow, her face a picture of bewilderment, as she moved straight to the coffee pot. "Do I want to know what I just walked into?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe emerged just moments later, eyes fully alert but his hands visibly trembling--a telltale sign of nervous energy. He too made a beeline for the coffee pot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "We've got a surprise for you," Liz proclaimed, locking eyes with Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz and Evan each grabbed a curtain, casting a shared nod before yanking them open. Beyond the glass patio doors lay eight inches of pristine snow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz's face lit up, a radiant blend of childlike joy and adult wonder. Beside her, Evan's imagination kicked into overdrive, scheming up snowmen of various shapes and sizes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "See, I told you it was going to snow today," Joe said, his voice steadier now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "You did tell me that!" Liz bounded over to Joe and planted a jubilant kiss on his lips. The jitteriness seemed to ebb away from him, if only for that moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A knock echoed from the door, pulling everyone's attention. Liz and Evan looked at each other and in a synchronized voice declared, "Mom's here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As the last family member arrived, the stage was set for the day's main event--the opening of the gifts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah took a deep breath, steadying herself. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Whatever is in those wrapped boxes can't be more surprising than last night,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0  she thought. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>I'm ready now. For whatever comes next.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The living room of Liz and Joe's Glenview apartment was bursting with Christmas spirit. Twinkling lights from the tree cast their glow over festive wrapping paper and bows. Holiday music filled the room, keeping pace with the laughter and the crinkling of wrapping paper. The curtains had been opened wide, letting the brightness of the snow-covered world outside pour in like liquid happiness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Each family member had claimed their present-opening spot--on the couch, armchairs, and even on the floor. Evan and Sarah, as if telepathically in sync, effortlessly handed out gifts, reading tags and depositing the colorfully wrapped packages into the hands of their loved ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, always pragmatic, had given Joe a set of winter boots, socks, and a coat that he had been eyeing for weeks. Evan received socks too, along with a gift card to his favorite sporting goods store and a gym bag he'd wanted but hadn't been able to afford. Sarah unwrapped a spa gift card from Liz, her eyes lighting up momentarily, though her emotions stayed typically subdued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe, not known for his gift-choosing skills, had resorted to an assortment of gift cards for everyone--Amazon for Liz, Target for Evan, and Starbucks for Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Bridget, bringing a little extravagance into the celebration, handed out airplane ticket vouchers to Liz, Joe, and Evan. For Sarah, it was a Starbucks gift card, a small but thoughtful gesture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan and Sarah's gift to Joe had stolen the show, for a while at least. A signed football from Joe's favorite Bears player. Joe was floored. How did they manage it? Evan just shrugged, a twinkle in his eye. "Let him keep guessing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then it was Evan's turn to be surprised. From Sarah, he received tickets to an upcoming Chicago Bulls game and a signed jersey from his favorite player. "How did you...?" he began, only to be met with Sarah's sly grin. "You answered your own question when Joe asked," she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The pendant care kit that Evan gave Sarah may not have been extravagant, but the sentiment was rich. "I don't want you to have to keep going back to the jeweler to keep your pendant shiny. I'll do it for you." He could feel Sarah's hand squeezing his shoulder, a silent, proud affirmation of his gift choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Finally, only one gift remained--the one from Sarah and Evan to Liz. It sat there, conspicuously last, as Evan had requested. Sarah gave Evan another gentle squeeze on the shoulder, her eyes meeting his. Both of them knew how meaningful this gift was, not just to them but to Liz as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The gold folder in Liz's hands felt like it weighed a ton. Sarah's heart raced as she watched Liz shake it lightly, joking about its contents. *So far, so good,* Sarah assured herself, taking deep, even breaths to counter the emotional undercurrent she felt bubbling up from the depths of her soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz's fingers worked the seal open. *Hold it together,* Sarah mentally commanded herself. She could feel her inner walls straining, almost caving under the weight of the impending emotional flood. *This is the big test.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz opened the folder, her eyes scanning the contents. A sudden cascade of tears broke free, painting her face a shade of red Sarah had never seen before. Liz looked over at Evan, pride swelling in her gaze, before passing the paper to her mother and then to Joe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's own eyes betrayed her. Tears filled them, brimming at the edges but not quite falling. *Not a win, but an acceptable tie,* she thought, taking it as a small triumph in the constant tug-of-war between her stoic training and her human emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The paper Liz had been holding was Evan's preliminary grade report for the semester. Four A's and one B. His GPA had risen from the precarious 3.0 to a more comfortable 3.2, more than keeping his promise to Liz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz, still weeping, enveloped Evan in a heartfelt hug. Sarah's own eyes were miniature lakes by now, threatening to spill over. *Just a little more.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And then it happened. Liz turned her attention to Sarah, pulling her into a hug that seemed to fuse their souls. Forehead against forehead, Liz locked eyes with Sarah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan has told me all that you've done for him. How you helped him get his grades up, how you helped make him a better man. This gift is as much from you as it is from him. Thank you so much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Another hug, and that was it. Sarah's emotional dam broke. Tears flowed freely, not as violently as the night before, but with enough force to humble any notion she had of being impervious to emotion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 For the next ten minutes, the room filled with chatter and congratulations. Evan, ever humble, was quick to credit Sarah for the help she'd provided. Everyone seemed pleased with their gifts, a harmonious end to a memorable morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah wiped away her tears, silently forgiving herself for the emotional display. *That should be the end of it,* she thought, feeling her muscles relax. *Nothing left to derail me now.* Or so she hoped, oblivious to the roller coaster ride that was far from over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}