{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan reveled in the gentle connection of his lips with Sarah's. The fatigue from the day's labor momentarily vanished, replaced by the warmth of their affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the distance, an unwelcome interruption shattered the tranquility, pulling Evan back to reality. He pulled away from Sarah, a touch of annoyance marring his content expression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Yo Evan! Come on, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s go. We have a fridge full of beer at home calling our names," Guido's voice carried over, loud and boisterous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan rolled his eyes, his irritation evident. "The Guido is beckoning you," Sarah teased, her chuckle making Evan smile despite himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I suppose it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time to break the bad news," he said, his tone playful yet resigned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah smiled back, understanding in her eyes. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll leave you to it. Thank you again for sacrificing your softball game to help us out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's gratitude bloomed into a genuine smile. "I'm happy to do it." As Sarah headed toward the mobile office, Evan's attention was drawn back to Guido's persistent calls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m coming, I\u8217\'92m coming," he muttered under his breath, his patience wearing thin. He watched Sarah's figure retreat before turning to face the impatient group of friends waiting for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido's voice grated on his nerves, but it was Patti's stressed expression that caught his attention. She stood slightly apart from the rest, her apprehension palpable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Patti," he greeted, his eyebrows raised in silent inquiry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti hesitated, then took a deep breath, gathering her courage. "Evan, can we talk?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan nodded, his curiosity piqued. "Sure, what's on your mind?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti's gaze shifted nervously to the ground before meeting Evan's eyes. "It's about Sarah," she began carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's brow furrowed in confusion. "What about her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti hesitated again, her emotions warring within her. "Some of the guys are...concerned about your relationship with her," she admitted hesitantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's irritation flared, his defenses rising. "What do you mean, concerned?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti met his gaze directly, her voice earnest. "They're worried she's changing you, that you're skipping games and spending all your time with her. They think you're...losing yourself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's frustration surged, his tone growing sharper. "Are you kidding me? They have a problem with me being happy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti held up a placating hand. "Evan, it's not that simple. They care about you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Seems like they care more about their idea of who I should be," he retorted, his anger simmering beneath the surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti sighed, her eyes filled with empathy. "I know you care about her a lot, but Evan, you need to make sure you're not neglecting other things that matter to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's jaw clenched, his emotions in turmoil. He took a deep breath, his anger slowly giving way to reflection. "Patti, I appreciate your concern, but this is my life, my choice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti's expression softened, her concern genuine. "I know, Evan. I just don't want to see you hurt."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan's anger ebbed, replaced by a mix of emotions. He reached out, placing a hand on Patti's shoulder. "I know you're looking out for me, and I value that. But I need you to trust that I can make my own decisions."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Patti nodded, a small smile touching her lips. "Okay, Evan. Just remember, I'm here for you, no matter what."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan squeezed her shoulder in gratitude. "I know, Patti. And I'm grateful for that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As the group of friends continued to chatter and Guido's calls faded into the background, Evan and Patti shared a moment of understanding amidst the fading light of the day.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}