{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Character Profile:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Certainly! I've revised the profile to make it more concise and organized, maintaining the essence of Patti's character.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Character Profile: Patti Keane**}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Name:** Patti Keane  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Gender:** Female  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Age:** 20  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Eye Color:** Light Blue  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Hair Color:** Light Brown  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Height:** 5\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'928\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Physical Description:** Patti is tall and long-legged, with kind light blue eyes and well-kept long brown hair. Fit and feminine, she takes care of her appearance without being vain. She\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s often considered one of the most beautiful girls in her class, though she's too modest to think so herself.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Education:** Junior at the University of Illinois  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Hobbies and Interests:**  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 - Running and triathlons}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 - Outdoor activities like hiking, biking, and jogging}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 - Enjoys college life, attending games, classes, parties, and socializing with friends}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Role in Story:**  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s character helps reveal Evan's romantic past, contrasting with his current relationship with Sarah. Her concerns and romantic feelings for Evan lead her to challenge his decision to be with Sarah, causing tension in their friendship. Evan's relationship with Sarah also creates space in his friendships with everyone except Guido.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Relationships:**  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 - **Evan:** Initially her personal trainer, they became close friends. They had an intimate relationship, which ended with a mutual fade into friendship. Patti secretly hoped they might rekindle their relationship and believed they were a perfect match.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 - **Roxanne:** Patti\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s opposite and best friend.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 - **Guido:** Part of Evan and Guido's inner circle of friends.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **Narrative Description:**  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Patti is both attractive and athletic, a blend of beauty queen and Ms. Congeniality. She's popular but kind, treating everyone with respect. Her warm and caring personality is complemented by her fun-loving approach to college life. She maintains good grades and enjoys the social aspects of college without being labeled a "party girl." Her relationship with Evan is complex, filled with unspoken romantic feelings, concern, and a deep friendship. Her connection to Evan's romantic past adds depth and conflict to the main storyline.}}