{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red76\green76\blue76;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan has a new friend \endash  meet Diego.<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sarah was called away to deal with a minor emergency. She instructed Katie to get Evan and Guido to help deliver the food from her car to the hungry volunteers. Joining Evan and the crew for lunch was a 14-year-old boy who lived in the area. Of his own volition, he walked on site and started helping with the cleanup. Seeing he was unsupervised, Evan took Diego under his wing, and they worked together throughout the morning. With the workday half over, lunch was served.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 In the previous scene, Katie and Sarah went into town to pick up sandwiches, snacks, and drinks for the volunteers and the families impacted by the tornado. That scene ended with them returning to the work site to deliver the food to the hungry volunteers.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_H::2>Setting:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Farmlands of central Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Description of the Lunch Area:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The open grassy field, a generous stretch of land belonging to one of the tornado's victims, had been transformed into a lively community gathering spot. Encased by a horizon dotted with trees and the distant echoes of reconstruction, the field blossomed with activity. An expansive outdoor tent stood proudly at its heart, a sentinel against the unpredictable whims of sun and rain. Its bright white canopy gleamed under the high midday sun, casting a cool shade beneath its shelter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Several sturdy picnic bench tables were arranged in an inviting array, their wooden surfaces adorned with cheerful red-checkered tablecloths that fluttered in the gentle breeze. Volunteers and families mingled around them, their laughter and conversation infusing the air with a sense of camaraderie and hope.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Lunchtime at the volunteer event.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Typical partly sunny, chilly fall day in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Evan, S}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 arah, Katie, Diego, Guido<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Volunteers and families<!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> A minor emergency whisks Sarah away from the at the beginning of the scene. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx331\li446\fi-86\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan is feeling energized, inspired, and gratified. He is also happy to have found a new friend. A 14-year-old that reminded Evan of himself when he was that age. This relationship brought extra depth and Evan's emotions.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Katie:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Katie is her usual upbeat self. Like Evan, Katie likes his new little buddy, Diego.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx331\li446\fi-86\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Evan is feeling energized, inspired, and gratified. He is also happy to have found a new friend. A 14-year-old that reminded Evan of himself when he was that age. This relationship brought extra depth and Evan's emotions.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Diego:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Diego is enjoying hanging out with Evan and the crew. Like Evan, Diego's father is not in his life. Nor does Diego have any brothers. Even though they just met, Evan and Diego bonded quickly.  Evan was like a father/big brother to Diego.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Guido:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> Guido is being Guido. Guido is doing a great job helping, but he doesn't let a little thing like a day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work get in his way of chasing women. With no success, he hits on Katie.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Ps::2>POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Evan)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::1> <!$Scr_Cs::1><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Place the happenings of the beginning of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>- Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>- End: <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Information<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Sandwiches, chips, sodas}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 A cooler full of icing beverages<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf5 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}}