{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After a couple of hours, Guido came to check on Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido: "No Luck?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan looked dejected. With his head down, he said, "No, I haven't seen her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido provided his version of consolation, "Sorry, bro. Don't stress it. There are plenty of fish in the sea."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I don't want to fish in the sea. She's the only one for me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido: "I don't get you, bro. You got women lined up to be with you, and you're stressing over a girl whose name you don't know? You should adopt my style \endash  no strings attached, no drama."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "Yeah, and no hope for love."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In a way, Guido admired Evan. Guido chuckled. "My friend, ever the hopeless romantic."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "I'm not a hopeless romantic. I'm just... I'm just...just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" Evan couldn't find the words to end his sentiment. Frustrated, he said, "I don't know what I am. I just know that I have to see my Cinderella again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido felt for Evan. Guido joked. "Let's leave the matching glass slipper search for another day. Come on, let's head back to our place. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll knock down a few beers and watch baseball. The Cubs actually have a chance for the playoffs this year!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan remained silent but didn't appear ready to go with Guido.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido gently persisted. "You'll feel a lot better with a cold brew in your hand and a Cubs victory on the TV. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll tell you what, after the game, we\u8217\'92ll try to figure a way to get her name."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, still silent, was not yet persuaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido joked, "How hard can it be to find the most beautiful girl on campus?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido's words brought a small smile to Evan's face. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan: "I suppose you're right. I'll bump into her sooner or later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido: "Exactly! Let's chill at home, and we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll scour the Internet when the game ends."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan: "Thanks, dude. I feel better already."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Nothing more was said as they headed home. The scene ends here. I want the reader to feel Evan's contrasting motions of disappointment that he didn't see Sarah and hope that inevitably he'll find his way to her."}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}