{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green108\blue175;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-6657\li9593\lin9593}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name: }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 0116 Evan Hopes for Sarah's Return }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Evan, Guido}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Evan's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Locations}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : The Morrow Plots, the open area outside the entrance to the undergrad library, The Quad. All these locations are on campus at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Humorous, reflective, introspective, anticipatory, suspenseful}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Time of Day}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Morning}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li230\fi-10\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Since there is no dialogue in the first part of this scene, focus on Evan's thoughts and feelings as he anxiously hopes and prays Sarah will return. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan and Guido often engage in "good-natured ribbing" \endash  that is optional information to use or not use as you please.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The dialogue I have provided may be used as is or changed at your discretion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li260\fi-11\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After kissing the woman of his dreams, just to see her bolt into the unknown, Evan saw no point in going into the undergrad library to study. All he could think about was Sarah.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan decided to remain near the scene of their first kiss, hoping she would return to retrieve her broken glasses or, even better, return to see him.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This scene has Evan pacing back and forth and anxiously hoping, praying for Sarah to return.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 4.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Have Evan walk over to view the Morrow Plots to pass the time, but he never strayed too long for fear he would miss her return.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 5.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After an hour with no Sarah to be seen, Evan decided he would fix her glasses and return to the scene of the kiss tomorrow at the same time he first met her.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 6.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He hoped that she would have the same plan or that her schedule would be consistent and at the same spot the next day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 7.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Wanting to tell Guido all about his experience with Sarah, Evan walked over to The Quad.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 8.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 No surprise to Evan; Guido is hitting on two sophomore coeds. When it comes to women, it's a numbers game with Guido. Those two girls were his fifth and sixth attempts of the day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 9.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan grabbed Guido by the shirt and pulled him away from the girls. The girls laughed as they continued on their way.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan: "I gotta tell you something!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido:  "Hey, Man! Why'd you  do that?" He continued in full bravado. "I had those two in the palm of my hand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Of course, Guido did not have the two girls in the palms of his hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "You did not. Never mind about that. I got something to tell you!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido dons a confused look on his face waiting for Evan to share his news.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "I just kissed the most beautiful, amazing, wonderful woman in the world!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 A skeptical Guido  replied mildly sarcastically, "Sure you did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "I did, Guido! I am telling you I did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is she? What's her name?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "I don't know. She ran off before I could get her name and number."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido: "You're just fucking with me. You know everyone on campus."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "I'm telling you the truth." Evan showed Guido Sarah's damaged eyeglasses. "Here's proof. She left these behind. They fell off when we kissed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido: "That must've been one hell of a kiss!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "It was! We kissed before we even spoke one word to each other." Evan paused and looked at the glasses, "I think I will call her Cinderella. Instead of leaving a glass slipper, she left eyeglasses."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido was surprised. "You kissed a girl seconds after meeting her? That's not like you, bro."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "I couldn't help it. The Universe dropped her on my lap, and I had to go for it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido: "What are you gonna do now?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "I am going to fix her glasses and try to find her tomorrow. Do you have an eyeglass repair kit?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido looked at Evan like he was nuts and said sarcastically. "Sure, I got one in my back pocket."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Evan: "I should be able to find one at the mall. You want to come with?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cf4 Guido: "Nah, I see a lonely lady over there that looks like she needs a visit from 'The Guido.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92"<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The scene ends with Evan headed off toward his car to drive to the mall. Try to find a way to keep the reader as vested as Evan was in anticipation of seeing Sarah the next day.}}