{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> Katie Discovers Sarah's Secret<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah vaguely mentioned an ATM stop before withdrawing several hundred dollars with Katie, who later discovered that Sarah personally financed meals for the volunteer crew. Rather than using her father's credit card, Sarah opted to use cash to keep her generosity anonymous. Katie was deeply impressed by Sarah's genuine commitment to the cause, reflecting a character of true integrity.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In the previous scene, Evan and several of his friends volunteered to help clean up after a tornado ripped through the farmlands of central Illinois. This scene picks up approximately an hour before lunch is to be served to the volunteer crew.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> Farmlands of central Illinois, in Sarah's car, and at a bank. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene started in the morning on a Saturday, and ended at sunset the same day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Typical partly sunny, chilly fall day in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Katie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Volunteers<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Evan and his friends: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Energized<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Neutral. Sarah had attended many such events. Her role was always as either lead event coordinator, or assistant event coordinator. Today was just business as usual for Sarah. Her role was to make sure the days activities went smoothly, and that the volunteers were all fed and cared for properly.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Katie: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Upbeat as always. Katie was also curious as to why Sarah was pulling cash out of the bank, instead of using her a credit card to purchase food and refreshments for the crew.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Heavy<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Minimal<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the beginning of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>End: <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Information<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Information<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7}