{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red170\green64\blue101;\red130\green49\blue77;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-49872\li71871\lin71871}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7\fi-37404\li53903\lin53903}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f0\fs32\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> Katie Discovers Sarah's Secret<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah vaguely mentioned an ATM stop before withdrawing several hundred dollars with Katie, who later discovered that Sarah personally financed meals for the volunteer crew. Rather than using her father's credit card, Sarah opted to use cash to keep her generosity anonymous. Katie was deeply impressed by Sarah's genuine commitment to the cause, reflecting a character of true integrity.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In the previous scene, Evan and several of his friends volunteered to help clean up after a tornado ripped through the farmlands of central Illinois. This scene picks up approximately an hour before lunch is to be served to the volunteer crew.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Location:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> Farmlands of central Illinois, Mobile office, in Sarah's car, and at a bank. <!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li432\fi-72\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Mobile Office/Command Center Description: }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Nestled at the edge of a small community ravaged by the recent tornado, the mobile office stood as a monument to resilience and necessity. A former mobile home, now converted into a makeshift command center, it wore its age like a badge of honor. The paint was peeling and faded, streaked with the patina of years, bearing the scars of weather and time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Upon entering, the scent of old paper and dust filled the air, a reminder of its age and its storied past. The office was furnished with metal desks from the 80s, solid and utilitarian. These desks, once gleaming in their prime, were now dulled by scratches and dents, yet still sturdy enough to support the burden of the task at hand. They were lined up against worn paneling, their surfaces cluttered with maps, reports, and tools necessary for the cleanup project.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Tangles of wires ran along the floor, leading to outdated computers and phones, the vital lifelines of the operation. Flickering fluorescent lights buzzed overhead, casting a harsh glow over the room, enhancing the shadows in the corners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 In one corner stood a coffee maker, its surface stained by countless spills, wafting the aroma of fresh brew, mingling with the mustiness of the room. Stacks of boxes filled with emergency supplies and paperwork were piled haphazardly, a testament to the urgency of the situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The windows, though grimed with dirt, offered a view of the devastated landscape outside, a constant reminder of the purpose that had breathed new life into this old mobile home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Despite its worn appearance, the mobile office was alive with activity. Volunteers and workers bustled about, their voices a cacophony of determination and compassion. Each creak of the floor, each clang of metal, resonated with the spirit of community and recovery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Here, in this humble and aged setting, the seeds of renewal were being sown, a symbol of hope and determination in the face of destruction. It was a place of contrasts, where the old embraced the new, where despair met hope, and where the past played a vital role in rebuilding the future.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Time: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene started in the morning on a Saturday, and ended at sunset the same day.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Weather/Environment: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Typical partly sunny, chilly fall day in central Illinois.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Sarah, Katie<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> Licensed Tradesman, volunteers, family members that have lost their homes.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Sarah:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> Amidst the bustling whirlwind of chaos, Sarah stands as an unwavering pillar of composure, her heart beating to the rhythm of purpose and determination. Her demeanor remains as serene as a tranquil lake at dawn, even as the storm of responsibilities rages around her. Every task, every demand is met with an unflinching resolve, each challenge transformed into an opportunity to showcase her expertise. With an unwavering commitment, she orchestrates the chaos into harmonious symphony, her soul resonating with the satisfaction of a maestro who knows the true melody of her calling.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 - Katie: <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-216\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Tired from her hard morning labor. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Impressed watching share orchestrate the activities for the day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Feelings of admiration when she finds out that Sarah pays for the volunteers food and beverages out of her own pocket.<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 POV: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Katie)<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Dialogue Focus: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>Beginning:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 <$Scr_Cs::2> <!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Katie's phone alarm went off. It was 10:45 AM. She headed to the mobile control center where Sarah had asked her to meet at 11 AM to help get the food for the volunteers and the families impacted by the tornado.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 [ In this template, I have provided a detailed description of both the outside of the mobile office, as well as the inside. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 [ Provide the readers vivid imagery of the outside of the mobile office as Katie heads toward it.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 Katie entered the mobile office. She saw Sarah sitting at her desk with a line of people waiting for her direction Seeing that Sarah was busy, Katie sat in a folding metal chair that was against the wall about 15 feet away from Sarah. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 [ As Katie waits, provide a visual description of the inside of the mobile office as seen through her eyes. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 [ A very important objective of this scene is to show the reader that Sarah worked as hard as anyone \endash  harder even. Volunteers often criticized Sarah because they don't see her out of the field. This will be an important point in upcoming scene. Use the information provided in this template to describe Sarah's emotional state. We want the reader to perceive Sarah as expertly orchestrating a symphony of events. In her office are licensed tradesmen to oversee work, volunteers, and family members impacted by the tornado. Amidst the chaos she remains composed and in command. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 After about 15 minutes, Sarah had assisted those who were in line, and she gets up out of her seat, walks over to Katie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "Let's go!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 In the car, Katie let Sarah know how impressed she was with Sarah's effort. Sarah modestly says her effort nothing special. They chitchat about the day's events. Katie saying that she really liked Evan, and enjoyed working with his friends, except Roxanne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "I don't think that girl Roxanne likes you very much. I keep my eye on her if I were you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "You noticed too? I don't know why she hates me so much."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "Maybe she's question on Evan?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Sarah didn't want to talk about Roxanne, she just shrugged her shoulders as if to say she didn't know, and then redirected the conversation. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "All the sandwiches and drinks should be ready to we get there. Normally I hire a caterer, but I wanted to support the local businesses."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah pulled into the drive through of a bank ATM, and withdrew the maximum amount allowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Katie watched as Sarah took the $400 she had just gotten from the ATM and put it in her wallet next to at least 400 more dollars. Katie was a bit confused. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "If you don't mind me asking, what's with all the cash?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "I needed to pay for the food and drinks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Katie is still perplexed. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "Don't they take credit cards?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "They do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Sarah was being intentionally short with their answers, hoping Katie will stop asking. Sarah does not want anybody know that she funds the food for the volunteers in the families in need out of her own personal account. However, Katie seems intent on figuring this mystery out.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "Well, doesn't Marcus give you money for the food?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Sarah just remained silent, hoping kid's curiosity would dissipate. But it didn't, and Katie begin to figure things out. She looked at Sarah the combination of admiration and surprise. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "Oh my gosh, Sarah. You're paying for all this out of your own pocket, aren't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Sarah didn't want to answer. She didn't want Katie to know about her anonymous generosity. But Katie took her silence as a confirmation. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "Can't you use your dad's credit card or would he be upset?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Realizing the Katie was not going to stop asking questions until she got answers, Sarah revealed her secret. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "He does think I devote too much of my time to my volunteer work. He thinks I should divide my time equally between volunteer work and networking with members of the business community. But, to answer question, he would not complain if I use the credit card to feed everyone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Katie's admiration of Sarah increased. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "So you voluntarily pay for everything?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "It's no big deal. My father provides me a monthly stipend that more than covers my needs. I'm glad to share it with families in need and the volunteers that devote the time and effort to help others."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Katie: "The more I get to know you Sarah, the more impressed I am. I hope to be more like you want."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ Sarah blushed, then chuckled. ]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 Sarah: "I've had those very same thoughts about you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf7 [ The girls laughed at the heartwarming exchange of admiration. ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\cf7
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\cf7 <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::4>End: <!$Scr_Ps::4><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Information<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Information<!$Scr_Ps::6><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b1\i0\cf5
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf5 Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Typically, when I provide you with dialogue, I instruct the dialogue to be taken verbatim. In this particular scene, use the dialogue at your discretion. Feel free to add, modify, or remove the dialogue provided. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 The embedded instructions are there to help guide you in writing a compelling scene.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Whenever possible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7 Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf7}