{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The door swung open just as Sarah's knuckles were poised to tap against the wood. Her eyes landed on Liz, who stood in the doorway clad in an eye-wateringly garish Christmas sweater\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 complete with twinkling LED lights and a reindeer whose nose blinked red. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "So ugly Christmas sweaters are ridiculous, are they?" Liz's voice dripped with feigned indignation. Joe stood to her right, arms crossed over his chest, throwing Sarah a theatrical scowl. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Oh God. She heard me. Why did I say that out loud?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  A wave of hot shame washed over Sarah. Her heart pounded in her ears, each beat echoing her own idiocy.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> First impressions don't get do-overs, you know.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Her mouth opened and closed, but no words came out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Evan burst into laughter, breaking the tense moment. Sarah looked at him like he'd lost his mind. A second later, Joe and Liz joined him, their laughter warm and genuine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "We're just teasing you, honey. I know the Christmas sweaters are ridiculous. That's the fun of wearing them!" Liz's face transformed into a comforting smile as she stepped forward and wrapped Sarah in a welcoming hug. "Welcome to our family!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah let out a deep, almost shaky sigh of relief. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Okay, it was a joke. Just a joke. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Oh my God. You scared the heck out of me. I thought I blew it before we even had a chance to meet," Sarah admitted, relief coloring her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Don't sweat it," Joe chimed in, moving to give Sarah a bear hug. "It means you're already considered part of the family. Evan and Liz got me the same way when I first met them. You better get used to it; these two love to have fun."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah couldn't say she found the fun in it just yet, but there was something deeply endearing about the swiftness with which she was considered family. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Oh honey, you could never blow it with us. We're a pretty easy-going group around here. Come out of the cold, you two," Liz insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 In the moments that followed, Sarah felt the tension dissipate entirely. Liz and Joe introduced themselves more formally and inquired about their drive from Champaign. After a bit of light chatter about a detour down Candy Cane Lane, Liz directed Joe to carry Sarah and Evan's bags into the guest bedroom. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's heartbeat finally normalized, her relief settling like a soft blanket around her. She hadn't blown it. And oddly enough, she felt more welcomed than she'd thought possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe's voice echoed down the hall, signaling a 30-minute countdown to dinner. As he disappeared into the guestroom with their bags, Sarah thought,}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> 30 minutes. Great. Okay, if I sit down now, I can reply to at least twenty emails and maybe clear some texts. Just a quick check-in, then I'll be back to vacation mode.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liz, would it be okay if I changed and freshen up before dinner?\u8221\'94 She tried to sound as casual as possible, praying her face didn't betray her true intent. \u8220\'93I worked all morning and I didn't have time to change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course it's okay. There's no rush, still about half an hour. Take your time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Ah, perfect, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah thought, though a flicker of curiosity passed through her when she saw Liz's knowing glance at Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The guest bedroom is at the end of the hallway to your right, and the bathroom is right across the hallway from the guest bedroom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great, thank you! I wanted to touch up my makeup before dinner.\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Yes, another couple of minutes bought. More time for emails.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah could feel a buoyant energy bubbling within her. It was as if she'd scored an unexpected victory, though one that flirted dangerously with betrayal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As she walked down the hallway, her phone buzzed in her purse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a calendar reminder for a Zoom meeting she had purposefully ignored when setting her out-of-office. She should've felt guilty; after all, she'd promised Evan and herself a work-free weekend.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>But it's only half an hour, <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26 she justified,}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> half an hour and then three whole days of undivided attention.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 By the time she stepped into the guestroom and closed the door behind her, Sarah felt lighter, though she couldn't shake off a nagging weight at the back of her mind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a latent sense of guilt, perhaps, or a whispered forewarning of regret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}