{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the picturesque landscape of University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, two worlds are destined to collide. Sarah Wilkins, an intellectual luminary, and Evan Vaughn, an endearing athlete, both seniors, are entering their first semester. Their paths have never crossed until one fateful encounter at the undergrad library changes everything. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, possessing a magnetic charisma, is the golden boy of the campus, charming all who cross his path. But his appeal isn't a matter of choice; rather, it's the natural outcome of his outgoing personality, fostered by his wise and nurturing sister, Liz. Despite his popularity, Evan is not without flaws. His academic performance leaves room for improvement, and he has made a promise to Liz to graduate with at least a 3.0 GPA. As his senior year commences, he trades his beloved Frisbee games for hours of focused study, keeping Liz's promise foremost in his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, on the other hand, is the epitome of academic brilliance. An ambitious business major, she finds solace in the silence of the library, her ears filled with audio seminars on international business strategies. Time slips away unnoticed in these moments, and one day, she finds herself on the brink of being late to a class she teaches. In a rush, she charges toward the library exit, oblivious to the imminent danger of a flight of stairs devoid of a handrail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, noticing the potential accident, tries to warn Sarah, but his shouts fall on her earbud-filled ears. With no time to spare, he rushes forward, just in time to catch her before she stumbles. This dramatic save culminates in an impulsive, intense kiss, awakening unexplored feelings in both of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, however, has been reared with a staunch academic focus and ambition to succeed her father at the helm of his multi-million-dollar corporation. The sudden blush of romance with Evan unsettles her. She has, until now, shunned any romantic entanglements, focusing on her academic aspirations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Despite the confusion, Sarah is irresistibly drawn to Evan. He manages to track her down, returning the glasses she had left behind and charming her into a break at the food court. They embark on a whirlwind romance, with Sarah setting rules and expectations to safeguard her academic priorities. Evan, already enamored by Sarah, gladly agrees to her terms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The ensuing year is a transformative one. Sarah learns to navigate social circles, and Evan, under Sarah's influence, improves academically. Yet, with graduation looming, Sarah is torn between her commitment to her father and the pull of her heart toward Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unbeknownst to Sarah, Evan is planning a marriage proposal. On the day of their graduation party, amidst friends and a surprise visit from her parents, Evan pops the question. Sarah, who has underplayed the intensity of their relationship to her parents, is taken aback. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her father, a man of stoic but fair character, presents her with a choice - to follow her heart to Chicago with Evan, risking financial support, or to adhere to her initial plan of pursuing her Master's degree and joining her father's corporation. Torn between her mind and her heart, Sarah is faced with a daunting decision.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>In the style of Danielle Steel, this story unfolds with high emotion and heart-stirring choices. Against all odds, Sarah's heart emerges victorious, choosing a life with Evan in Chicago over her original plan.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}}