{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;\red139\green93\blue0;\red72\green33\blue219;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-280213\li403819\lin403819}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2107\li3035\lin3035}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2107\li6068\lin6068}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li8091\lin8091}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li10788\lin10788}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li8091\lin8091}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li5396\lin5396}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1\fi-3745\li10788\lin10788}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li8091\lin8091}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li4047\lin4047}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-2809\li8091\lin8091}{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Template:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Title<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Summary:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Liz's Christmas eve feast is ready to serve. The only thing missing is the mystery guest. After a few minutes of some wild guesses, the mystery guest knocks on the door and is revealed. It was Evan and Liz's mom! The rest of the evening was live with conversation around the dinner table, with Sarah slowly warming up to the idea that these strangers truly do consider her a new and welcome member of the family.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Leading Context:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 This was the final scene in the chapter, at least for the moment. In the previous scene, Sarah had met Liz, and after a moment of horror, thinking Liz was upset with her, all had been well, and Sarah had been warmly welcomed into Liz's apartment and her family.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Sarah stepped away to get changed, using that time to secretly sneak in some email and text replies, only to admonish herself for prioritizing a few last-minute work tasks over her time with Evan and his family. She had promised Evan that she would not work while they were visiting Liz, and after faltering on that promise, she came to dinner ready to embrace the experience of this visit \endash  free of work concerns. Well, at least she tried her best to be free of work concerns.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Setting:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe and Liz's apartment in Glenview, Illinois. A northern suburb of Chicago.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>The scene takes place from approximately 6 o'clock, when Sarah and Evan arrive, in the evening until dinner was complete.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Frigid cold in windy outside \endash  a typical winter day in Chicago. It's dry and cold and this day, but Liz hopes for snow the following day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Characters Present:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Main Characters: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2>Liz, Joe, Sarah, Evan<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz and Evan's mom.<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Character Emotional State:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Liz:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Liz felt excited to see her younger brother, as always. They shared a close, loving bond, and she missed him, having not seen him since early in the summer. Liz was particularly excited about this trip because she finally got to meet Sarah, the girl Evan called "the one."<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 - Joe:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2> Joe was hiding a secret. Although everyone knew that he was the one who had invited the mystery guest, they had no idea that it was Bridget, Evan and Liz's mom. Joe felt a little pumped and excited about his role in setting everything up. But he was even more excited about the secret that only he knew about, which would be revealed the next day - a proposal to Liz.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Evan: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>Evan was extremely excited. While he loved his sister, missed her, and looked forward to seeing her, his real excitement lay in introducing Sarah to Liz for the first time.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Sarah's emotional state was primarily neutral. She was not nervous about meeting Liz, but she had a busy workload she was itching to get back to. If it had been her choice, she would have stayed in Champaign and attended to her event coordinator duties. But Evan wanted to come home for a few days and introduce her to his sister. Sarah's primary motivation to join him had nothing to do with the holidays, but rather her feeling obligated to her boyfriend.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 However, she had decided to try to overcome all of her conflict and embrace the evening. At the beginning of the scene, she was reserved and a bit stiff, but as the night wore on, she couldn't help but be swallowed up by the warm and loving family known as the Vaughns.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Bridget:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Bridget was thrilled to see her family on Christmas. Although she had promised to spend Christmas with her husband's family this year, she was able to get away for a short two-day trip at the behest and the expense of Liz's boyfriend Joe. To add to the fun and excitement, Bridget told Liz and Evan that she would be on a Christmas cruise, so they would not suspect that she was the mystery guest. Her being revealed as the mystery guest added to the incredible energy that was already present.<!$Scr_Cs::2>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 POV:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Dialogue Focus:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Use of Internal Dialogue:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::2> Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::2><!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>- Beginning:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the beginning of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>- Middle:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the middle of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 <$Scr_Ps::5>- End:<!$Scr_Ps::5><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li720\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Place the happenings of the end of the scene in this paragraph. Use brackets to enclose embedded instructions that assist artificial intelligence in writing a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This robust scene covers a lot of ground, quickly listing the objectives.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We see Sarah unable to resist the charm and warmth of Evan's family. At the beginning of the scene, she is typically cold and distant, but by the end of the scene, she warms up dramatically.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This is the one scene in all the books that includes Evan's mom. The mom's presence is twofold: to provide some background information and to let the reader understand the dynamics of the Vaughn family, helping them understand the characters as they read through the book.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 However, within this chapter, the true importance and reason for her visit, unbeknownst to her and everyone else at the party, is that Joe wanted her to be there when he proposed to Liz on Christmas Day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 We also get subtle hints about a subplot that won't come to fruition until the sequel of the book. During dinner, the issue of Evan's sudden energy drops from time to time comes up. As usual, Evan rejects the idea that there is anything wrong with him. It's subtly placed in this busy scene, but in the future, we find out that Evan has a rare bone disease.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 There are probably five more objectives that I can list out, but let's just say this is meant to be an informative but feel-good scene for the reader. It's a festive atmosphere that everyone is enjoying equally.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Props/Items:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-274\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Dinner roll. Liz playfully throws a dinner roll at Evan showing the playful dynamic that he and Liz have with each other.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Empty chair. An empty chair brings mystery to the group as everyone is making guesses at who did Mr. guess be.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 This is a robust scene with likely many props, but these are the ones that I remember at the moment. I will update as needed.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::3>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 All information located between brackets [] is to be treated as embedded instructions to assist you in writing a compelling scene. <!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl1{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Example:}{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::8> [ In the following dialogue section, Evan is angry and snaps at Patti. ]<!$Scr_Cs::8><!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>All dialogue is to be used verbatim. Do not add, change, or delete any quoted dialogue I provided in this scene template. Dialogue is marked by the character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s name followed by a colon. <!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Example:}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::9> Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::9>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Patti, how dare you!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>When I want you to write a complete narrative, I will describe what needs to be narrated. You are to replace whatever I have provided with a narrative. You can write as little or as much as necessary for a compelling narrative. In the following example, you take my simple line and write about the weather in narrative format. <!$Scr_Ps::7><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf6  <!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 Example:}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::9> <!$Scr_Cs::9>}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::10>Narrative:<!$Scr_Cs::10>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  It was a perfect snowy day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>I will sometimes use embedded instructions within a narrative or dialogue marker. These instructions will help you write dialogue tags action tags, or guide you in writing the narrative. I will place the embedded instructions between the label and the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93:\u8221\'94.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1196\fi-256\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Example:}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::9> Evan}{\f1\fs22\b1\i0\cf10  <!$Scr_Cs::9>}{\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::8>[ growled ]<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::9>:<!$Scr_Cs::9>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::11>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patti, how dare you!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::11>}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf1 Example:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::10>Narrative<!$Scr_Cs::10>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::8>[ Mention snowplows plowing the streets. ]<!$Scr_Cs::8>}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 :  It was a perfect snowy day on Christmas.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind.<!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs18\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::7>Be sure not to include the following items when writing the scene }
\par\pard\plain \tx1268\tx1920\li720\fi-187\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl1{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Dialogue markers. e.g. }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf10 <$Scr_Cs::9>Evan:<!$Scr_Cs::9>}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Narrative markers. e.g. }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf11 <$Scr_Cs::10>Narrative:<!$Scr_Cs::10>}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u9702 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Embedded instructions identified by brackets. e.g., }{\f4\fs26\b0\i1\cf9 <$Scr_Cs::8>[ Some Instructions here. ]<!$Scr_Cs::8><!$Scr_Ps::7>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1}