{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{This robust scene covers a lot of ground, quickly listing the objectives.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{We see Sarah unable to resist the charm and warmth of Evan's family. At the beginning of the scene, she is typically cold and distant, but by the end of the scene, she warms up dramatically.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{This is the one scene in all the books that includes Evan's mom. The mom's presence is twofold: to provide some background information and to let the reader understand the dynamics of the Vaughn family, helping them understand the characters as they read through the book.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{However, within this chapter, the true importance and reason for her visit, unbeknownst to her and everyone else at the party, is that Joe wanted her to be there when he proposed to Liz on Christmas Day.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{We also get subtle hints about a subplot that won't come to fruition until the sequel of the book. During dinner, the issue of Evan's sudden energy drops from time to time comes up. As usual, Evan rejects the idea that there is anything wrong with him. It's subtly placed in this busy scene, but in the future, we find out that Evan has a rare bone disease.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{There are probably five more objectives that I can list out, but let's just say this is meant to be an informative but feel-good scene for the reader. It's a festive atmosphere that everyone is enjoying equally.}}