{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan maneuvered his aged Subaru down the university streets, the compact SUV humming with the consistency only an old reliable car could offer. The sun painted a fresh coat of brightness over the day, streaks of light dancing on the dashboard, the weather reminiscent of the day he'd met Sarah. An energetic tune played from the radio, matching his cheerful demeanor. He found himself tapping along, humming the lyrics under his breath, the Cubs' three-game winning streak and yesterday's softball victory lending an extra beat to his rhythm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido had managed to coax him away from countless futile hours of scouring the Internet for his elusive mystery girl. And in retrospect, he realized that Guido was right; his image, drenched in the rain, desperate and waiting for a woman who might never show up, wasn't the kind of impression he wanted to give off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This morning, however, Evan woke with an idea burning bright in his mind. It was as if the universe had conspired overnight, offering him a hint, a spark of insight that felt like the missing piece of a complex puzzle. He'd remembered Sarah's scholarly attire, her intelligent aura. He'd realized she might be a bookworm. And where do bookworms hide? He laughed at the obviousness of it all. The library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 An air of confidence billowed around Evan, his chest swelled with newfound hope. He wasn't going to wait around, moping, and hoping for her appearance. If she wasn't at their first meeting spot, he'd plunge into the depths of the undergrad library, the refuge of bookworms and study enthusiasts. His gut feeling told him he'd find her there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Pulling into a parking spot, Evan cut the engine, letting the last few notes of the energetic song fade. He opened the car door, a rush of early fall air filling his lungs, crisp with the promise of new beginnings. There was an excited skip to his step, an ease in his manner as he locked the vehicle and turned towards the library. His heart held no room for anxiety, only a serene confidence. He was a man with a plan. He felt like he was walking in stride with destiny itself, and it was impossible not to share in his assurance. With one last deep breath, he set off, ready to conquer the day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}