{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Name of the place:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Sarah's Apartment<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Country:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> USA<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>State:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>City:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Champaign<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Type of place:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> Apartment<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>How does the setting affect the characters and the plot?<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two scenes take place at this location. First is when Katie helps Sarah get ready for her date with Evan. The second is when Sarah returns home from her date with Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah struggles to bond with other college students. However, Katie and Sarah develop a bond at the apartment. Sarah even offers the use of her guest bedroom to Katie when she needs alone time to study.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>Description:<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::1> }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah's apartment is a testament to modern luxury, situated on the top floor of a relatively new six-story student housing complex. The building, less than three years old, exudes a contemporary charm, with its sleek exterior design and high-end amenities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her father, ever the generous provider, had secured for her a two-bedroom apartment, one of which she could utilize as an office. However, true to her workaholic nature, Sarah found more comfort working in the same room she slept in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stepping inside the apartment, one is immediately struck by the immaculate cleanliness. The open concept living area is crisply kept, filled with minimalist furniture in subtle hues. Floor-to-ceiling windows line one side of the living room, allowing ample natural light to fill the space while providing breathtaking views of the city below. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The kitchen area is equally impressive, complete with top-of-the-line stainless steel appliances, a marble countertop, and stylish cabinetry. Despite the well-equipped kitchen, the lack of use indicates Sarah's preference for take-out or on-campus meals over cooking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah's bedroom doubles as her workspace, holding a luxurious bed with a stylishly austere frame and an ergonomic desk cluttered with papers, textbooks, and a high-end laptop. The room feels lived in but organized, an oasis of personal space in her otherwise untouched apartment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guest bedroom, by contrast, remains pristine and scarcely used. The perfectly made bed, devoid of wrinkles, and the dustless surfaces create an atmosphere of a high-end hotel room, awaiting its first guest. Despite its emptiness, the room is prepared with all the essentials, standing as a silent testament to Sarah's meticulous and organized nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overall, Sarah's apartment reflects her personality \endash  ambitious, detail-oriented, and somewhat reserved, providing a space that's more functional than personal. Despite the apartment's capacity for hosting and socialization, it remains primarily a sanctuary for Sarah, a place of quiet solitude and diligent work.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}}