{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;\red21\green148\blue212;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Amidst the grand chandeliers and elegant finery of the Grand Ballroom at the Grandeur Hotel, the wealthy and sophisticated attendees were mingling, cocktails in hand. The glittering throng was abuzz with talk of charitable donations, and the anticipation of a night filled with generosity was palpable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Mere seconds into their journey, Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sharp eyes caught Marcus Chamberlain, Sarah\u8217\'92s distinguished boss. Unable to resist his comic ways, he nudged her, saying,}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Sarah, Morgan Freeman showed up!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in horror. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shh, Evan, someone might hear you. Don\u8217\'92t look his way. We need to warm you up a bit before I introduce you.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The playful sparkle in Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes betrayed his nerves, and he grinned. \u8220\'93Too late. Morgan is on his way. Should I ask for his autograph?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, unamused by Evan\u8217\'92s jokes. She immediately flashed a smile she\u8217\'92d been practicing since she attended her first fundraiser at 12 years old. Out of the corner of her mouth, she whispered, \u8220\'93Be professional.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus Chamberlain looked over at Sarah and Evan and began walking their way, his eyes fixed on the new face accompanying his trusted employee.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Marcus is coming over. I hope Evan }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8A8E03CE-78BC-433A-B754-FC1BEDED79ED"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 does well}}{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 ,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah thought, her anxiety bubbling beneath her professional demeanor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus approached with a beaming smile, praising Sarah,}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, you\u8217\'92ve done a great job here. I\u8217\'92m very impressed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Mr. Chamberlain-\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah began, only to be interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please, not so formal. Call me Marcus,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he said with a warm grin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Marcus, for trusting me with such a prestigious event. I am honored to be associated with your organization.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes drifted to Evan, his curiosity piqued. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, a new face. Who have you brought with you today?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice held a note of pride. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is my boyfriend, Evan.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan and Marcus engaged in a firm, appropriate handshake, a mutual respect exchanged in the simple gesture. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>Nice to meet you, Evan,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus said, his voice sincere.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A pleasure to meet you as well, Marcus,\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan replied, his excitement bubbling over into a charming grin.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>So far, so good,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Sarah thought, feeling good about how the conversation had started.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re Sarah\u8217\'92s boyfriend?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus inquired, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan smiled and said, }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My proudest accomplishment to date!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His response caused Sarah concern, but Marcus chuckled, easing the tension. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have you had a chance to look at the items up for auction?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes brightened.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I took a quick peek on my way into the ballroom. I\u8217\'92d give my right arm for those Bears tickets on the 50-yard line!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C225EB7F-ACBB-424B-AF90-AEE275EFB116"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concern }}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 notched up to minor anxiety, and she glanced at Evan, trying to figure out how to silently remind him to stay focused on the nonprofit organization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with amusement. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a Bears fan?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s animated facial expression and exaggerated nod increased Sarah\u8217\'92s concern and anxiety, but Marcus chuckled again. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a blind auction. I think bidding starts in a few minutes. Who knows, maybe you\u8217\'92ll have the winning bid.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unaware that Sarah was dying of anxiety inside, Evan continued his comic ways.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You see this suit? It\u8217\'92s nice, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 he joked, tugging on the lapels of his suit jacket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus looked a bit confused but played along. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Quite nice, yes.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next words sent Sarah\u8217\'92s heart racing. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I would love to bid on those tickets, but this suit represents the last dollar in my bank account.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Although meant to be humorous, It was also very true. }
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CDBC101A-4968-48BD-ABAA-510E711CDC3C"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah wanted to disappear,}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  but then something unexpected happened. Marcus cracked up at Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s joke. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, I love this guy. He\u8217\'92s hilarious!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah remained paralyzed in her smile, unsure how to respond, her mind whirling. }{\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Is this really happening?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I understand,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus continued, his voice filled with understanding. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was young and always short on cash back in the day. But you know our organization does great work. Would you consider donating your time? We are always in need of volunteers.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincere response notched down Sarah\u8217\'92s anxiety. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I would love to help out! Sarah told me about the great work \u8216\'91Home Is Where the Heart Is\u8217\'92 does.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s was thrilled that Evan remembered the name of the organization. Marcus was equally impressed. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad to hear that! Sarah can give you the details. She\u8217\'92s in charge of the project. Two weeks from today, we\u8217\'92ll be helping folks clean up what\u8217\'92s left after a tornado hit a town not far from where Sarah lives. Do you think you can make it that Saturday?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enthusiasm was infectious. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Count me in! I\u8217\'92m sure I can recruit a handful of friends to help volunteer as well.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah finally found her voice, her anxiety decreased, excitement replacing it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>Really? Who do you think will come?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://517A2EE2-7475-452B-B6C0-0757D44807E2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful humor returned as he considered.}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Patti is a lock! This is right up her alley, and wherever Patti goes, Roxanne goes. I\u8217\'92m sure I can get Guido to commit, and I think I could convince three or four more friends to help out.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surprise was evident. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Guido? I wouldn\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d be interested in volunteering.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan looked at Marcus, half serious, half joking.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will there be single adult females volunteering?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus saw where Evan was going and played along.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure there will be plenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a great incentive. We\u8217\'92ll add a six-pack of beer for a job well done, and Guido will be in!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Evan declared, his eyes twinkling.}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://80750E26-4054-432D-9CB7-C773C15B9C2F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah}}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  wanted to crawl under a rock, certain that talk of single females and 6-packs of beer were not appropriate things to say to Marcus. But as before, Marcus laughed even louder than he had before. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to meet this Guido fella.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan comically rolled his eyes. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, you can wait.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Both men flowed in laughter, and Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s anxiety began to ease. Marcus then inquired about the auction, and with an unexpected generosity, offered the Bears tickets to Evan if he could recruit his friends to volunteer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shock and gratitude were evident. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he asked, his voice filled with disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m positive,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Marcus assured him. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A handful of young volunteers is worth much more than we\u8217\'92ll get at auction for those tickets.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus turned to Sarah.}{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0> \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you pull the Bears tickets off the auction table?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was a whirlwind, but she managed to stammer, }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go get them right now.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus called out to her just as she started walking away. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sarah, those are valuable tickets. Put them somewhere safe.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah turned to Marcus and nodded confirmation, her eyes wide with understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus then continued to answer Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question, his eyes twinkling with amusement. }{\f1\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Decent quarterback? The Bears? Probably in the year 2000 never?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Both men laughed, their voices ringing through the grand ballroom. Other men started joining the conversation, talking about the Bear\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quarterback woes and other sports-related topics, adding to the jovial atmosphere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Sarah left, their voices faded into the background, the sound of camaraderie and good-natured banter lingering in her ears. Her mind spun as she processed the unexpected connection between Evan and Marcus, two people she had never expected to bond so quickly. Surprised, even shocked, she found herself unable to shake her confusion as she made her way across the room.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>What just happened? <!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 she wondered, the question echoing in her mind as she continued to move, her steps automatic. The evening had taken an unexpected turn, leaving her feeling both bewildered and oddly reassured.}}