{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the sun-soaked landscape outside of the Undergrad Library, a multitude of students rushed from one destination to another, and amidst this chaos, Sarah emerged from the library. Her pace quick, her expression a mashup of concentration and anxiety. She wore a skirt suit and had her hair pinned up in a bun. To Evan, who  was walking towards her, she looked like one of the university professors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In her ears were the earbuds that connected her to the world of her audio seminar and disconnected her from the immediate reality. Oblivious to her surroundings, she strode briskly towards the wide concrete steps that led downwards from the library's exit, her hand firmly grasping a briefcase and a purse. The railings were too far to offer any immediate support if she missed a step, a danger she seemed blissfully unaware of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Hey, lady in the skirt suit!" Evan called out, trying to warn her. His words echoed amongst the buzz of conversations around them, but failed to reach Sarah, lost in her own rhythm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 There was no time to waste. Evan sprinted towards her, the distance between them closing rapidly but not rapidly enough. Just as she was about to step into oblivion, he caught her by the arm. The momentum swung her around, her body swaying backward in a dip reminiscent of a dance move, and all her belongings flew off in every direction. Her glasses slipped off her face and clattered onto the concrete, a barrette popped open letting her bun unravel into a cascade of long hair that just grazed the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan could now see she was a student, much like himself, not a professor as he'd initially thought. Their eyes met and locked. It was as if time had slowed down, their surroundings blurring into insignificance. His heart pounded in his chest, the adrenaline from his heroic sprint was now replaced by another kind of excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I feel like I should kiss you," he said, the words slipping out before he could stop them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's smile told him everything he needed to know. She was caught up in the magic of the moment just as he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I'm not going to stop you," she whispered back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He pulled her closer, their lips meeting in a deep passionate kiss. It was a moment stolen from time, a connection made amidst chaos. When they finally pulled apart, Evan helped her up to her feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 She looked at her scattered belongings and her watch, the reality of her tardiness hitting her. In a frenzy, she started gathering her things, with Evan helping her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Wait! What's your name?" Evan asked her, wanting to have something more than just a memory of the passionate kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "I have to go. I'm late!" she answered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "That's a strange name." He couldn't help but chuckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His eyes followed her retreating figure until he noticed something lying near his feet. Her glasses. He called out to her, waving the glasses in the air, but she either couldn't hear him or chose not to respond. With a grin, he watched her disappear into the distance. She had left in a hurry, leaving behind her glasses and an unforgettable memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A lighthearted smile stretched across his face as he held the glasses in his hand. They were a memento, a promise of an encounter that he was sure was meant to happen. He looked down at the glasses, then back in the direction Sarah had run off to, anticipation for their next meeting lighting up his eyes.}}