{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green149\blue223;\red130\green49\blue77;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;\red208\green78\blue124;\red186\green124\blue93;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi-1185\li1707\lin1707}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-664208\li957200\lin957200}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-118215\li170361\lin170361}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-118215\li340575\lin340575}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li127771\lin127771}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-88661\li255431\lin255431}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li95828\lin95828}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1\fi-66496\li191573\lin191573}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \sa60\sb240\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Scene Profile:<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0\cf5 Title:}{\f2\fs32\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan's Public Party Proposal<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Summary:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 Evan's unexpected gift left Sarah speechless\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 a plaque acknowledging her as the class valedictorian. She stepped onto the stage to accept it, the crowd's cheers filling the room. Then, urged by the spectators, she faced the audience to find Evan, down on one knee, offering a ring. Battling her inner turmoil, Sarah said yes, eliciting ecstatic cheers from the crowd, though her father's expression betrayed his unease.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Leading Context:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7 The school year had ended, and Sarah had finished at the top of her class. This scene occurred the day after everyone had graduated. In the previous scene, Sarah discovered that Evan had invited her parents to their graduation party. She didn't know why, and during the conversation with her parents, she tried unconvincingly to persuade them, and perhaps herself, that her relationship with Evan was merely a senior year fling.<!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Setting:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Location:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3>  Grand Ballroom at Champaign Hotel in Champaign, Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Time:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Early evening on the day after college seniors had graduated.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Weather/Environment:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> N/A<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Characters Present:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Main Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan, Sarah<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Secondary Characters:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Sarah's parents, Guido and the party's attendees.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::5>Character Emotional State:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Evan:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Evan's excitement was at a maximum level. This was his moment. In front of Sarah's parents and nearly 40 of his friends and fellow graduates, Evan proposed to Sarah. <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah:}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3> Sarah's inner turmoil was at its peak once Evan proposed to her. While her mind flipped through ways that she could reject or postpone her answer to Evan's proposal, her heart and her lips accepted his proposal. Outwardly, Sarah looked like a happy, freshly engaged woman. But on the inside, she felt shame and guilt as she saw the look on her father's face when her parents exited the room after she accepted Evan's proposal. <!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\plain {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8 Sarah's parents: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah's parents, especially her father, were upset and disappointed when Sarah accepted Evan's proposal.<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::5>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li346\fi14\sb60\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf8
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>POV: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3>Third person limited, deep (focusing on Sarah)<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Dialogue Focus: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::4>Use of Internal Dialogue: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::3>Moderate<!$Scr_Cs::3><!$Scr_Ps::4>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\li360\fi360\sa120\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Plot/Action:<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf7
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [  Start off the scene with the following information.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 Evan had told Sarah's parents that her surprise would begin at exactly 30 minutes into the party. He welcomed them to stay if they wanted providing them comfortable chairs at the back of the room. He also told him that he would be happy to email them or text them if they wanted to go back to their room. Sarah's parents opted to sit in the chairs and wait for her surprise. ] }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [ Once Sarah's parents are seated, continue to these next instructions. ]}
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [  There are a few Key events in this scene. We are nearing the end of book 1. The last two things that happen in this scene are that Evan's Public Party Proposal, and Sarah accepts his proposal for marriage. Disappointed by Sarah's acceptance, Sarah's parents exit quietly out the back of the ballroom and head back to their room \endash  the penthouse suite of the hotel.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 While those two events are very important, they don't take up much space in the scene. So use the beginning of the scene to build up the energy for the climactic and Describe the ballroom, the party atmosphere, etc. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 Here are some things you might consider, but your full discretion:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-259\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 Open bar}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 Rented Photo Booth for pictures}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 Live and playing on stage.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 Also, feel free to use anything from the location profile to describe the ballroom. We want to build up the energy of this fun post graduation party atmosphere.}
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 After the vivid narrative of the parking atmosphere, use The following bullet points to finish off the scene.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9  ] }
\par\plain \f2\fs22\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Half an hour in to the party, and the majority of the party were at some level of intoxication. This <!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 made for a festive crowd.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs26\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Guido played the role of emcee for the evening. He was in charge of handing out some fun gag awards, and then finally awarding Sarah a plaque for finishing first in class. While the plaque was a legitimate award paid for by Evan, it's top priority was to distract Sarah into making her think she had to make an acceptance speech. Evan plans to get down on one knee and make a surprise proposal when she think she's supposed to be giving a speech to the crowd. Evan's plan is she will turnaround be surprise and accept his proposal.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 2.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Cs::3>Sarah was shocked to see that she was getting an award.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 3.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Guido summoned a reluctant Sarah onto the stage with his booming voice on a microphone, and a strong wave of his hand. Evan walked her up to the stage. Guido had a short speech to make making sure that Sarah's focus was on him and the plaque, while me time in the background Evan is pulling out a ring from his pocket, ready to kneel down when the time was right.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 4.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 We need to be in Sarah's head at this moment. She is confused. It wasn't just that she did not expect this plaque, but the group of people that were cheering extremely loud were people she had very little connection with. Things had improved over the past few months, and might be called tolerant indifference, but nowhere near the cheers she was getting.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 5.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She noticed though they weren't just cheering they were trying to tell her something, the cheers got louder several party attendees were spinning their hand around presumably to have her turnaround, and that seemed to be what the words the crowd said as well for a turnaround.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 6.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 She turned around to see Evan on one knee and a large diamond ring in his hand. Guido use hand gestures to get the crowd to quiet down and he put the microphone near Sarah's mouth.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 7.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 At record speed, Sarah's mind rattled through the way she was going to say no to Evan or at least delay her response so she would not embarrass Evan with a proposal rejection front of his friends. She wasn't sure how this happened but in the middle of her trying to find the best way to say no, her lips said yes. The crowd roared, and Evan set the ring on her finger.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0 8.	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0 Sarah was unsure what compelled her to say yes, but she didn't regret it. It was what she truly wanted the whole time \endash  or at least she thinks that's what she wanted. She still wasn't sure, but she knew she loved Evan and the only thing she regretted at this moment was the look on her father's face as he stared her down a few moments before escorting his wife out the far entrance of the ballroom.<!$Scr_Cs::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 [  Describe the proposal as though it were a typical proposal and acceptance. It's true, from the inside Sarah is both happy but on sure that she made the right choice in accepting his proposal. But to everybody outside, at least by appearance, it looks like she's happy to now be engaged to Evan. I'm sure he would've picked her up and spun around and kissed her. Make sure you include all that. }
\par\plain \f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 The scene should and when Sarah's father and mother exit the ballroom.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs22\b0\i1\cf9 ] }
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f5\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Objectives/Goals:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-486\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The reader saw that Sarah had finally hit the fork in the road. She could no longer postpone her decision on which path in life she would take. Her heart had chosen Evan, but her analytical brain was still not committed to her heart's choice.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Ps::2>Special Instructions/Notes:<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Please write the entire scene based on the information in this template. The bullet points in the plot/action section are meant to guide writing the scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Apply a balance of narrative versus dialogue. Implement description, action tags, dialogue tags, and internal dialogue at your discretion. Whatever you need to write a compelling scene.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Whenever possible, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Show\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93Tell.\u8221\'94 This means conveying emotions and situations through descriptive imagery and action rather than simply stating them.<!$Scr_Ps::6>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li576\fi-216\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Ps::6>Use Deep POV generously when creating this scene. Deep POV refers to a close third-person narration that allows direct access to a character\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts and feelings without filtering words. It provides an immersive experience for the reader, making them feel as if they are inside the character\u8217\'92s mind..<!$Scr_Ps::6>}}