{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The devastation was a bleak painting of chaos; broken fences lay strewn across fields, uprooted trees peppered the ground like forgotten monuments, and houses and barns once robust and proud, now lay in tatters, incapable of withstanding tornado force winds. A hush of despair hung over the farmlands of central Illinois, but it was about to be disturbed by hope and community spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah and Marcus were standing together, finalizing the plans for the Saturday project. She held her clipboard tightly, the papers filled with meticulous details, a testament to her organizational skills. The time was 8 AM, and they were waiting for the last few volunteers to arrive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Just then, Evan, Guido, Patti, Roxanne, and a few others walked toward them, their energy contagious. Guido was already pointing out the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hot chicks\u8221\'94 that had volunteered, reminding Evan about the promise of beer. Evan\u8217\'92s eyes, however, were locked on Sarah. She looked up, caught his smile, and subtly shook her head to deter any public display of affection. Evan understood and fell back with his friends, content to wait for a private moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Marcus was the first to approach them, his hand extended to Evan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s great to see you again. I see you brought your crew with you.\u8221\'94 He eyed Guido, smiling, \u8220\'93You must be Guido.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right I am,\u8221\'94 Guido responded, shaking Marcus\u8217\'92s hand with enthusiasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face reddened, and he quickly apologized for his friend, but Marcus just laughed and handed over four Bears tickets, a reward he had promised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Guido\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and he exclaimed, \u8220\'93I better get one of those!\u8221\'94 Roxanne, still harboring a dislike for Sarah, sarcastically added, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m pretty sure he\u8217\'92s going to take his girlfriend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unfazed by Roxanne\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude, Sarah calmly said, \u8220\'93I think you four should go. Football is not really my thing, and I know you guys will have a great time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After the brief exchange, Marcus gave a heartfelt update to all the volunteers, thanking them for their dedication and explaining the extent of the damage. Handing the reins over to Sarah, he left for other meetings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, always well-prepared, gave everyone their assignments, outlining her plans for the day. She handed out gloves and hard hats, ensuring everyone had what they needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Sarah finished handing out the hard hats and gloves, Katie sprinted up, apologizing profusely for being late. Her face was flushed, and she looked around at the bustling volunteers, feeling out of place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did I miss?\u8221\'94 she asked Sarah, her voice tinged with concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah laughed, her clipboard firm in hand, and shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No Worries, Katie. Just follow Evan and his friends. They\u8217\'92ll fill you in on what you need to do.\u8221\'94 She handed Katie a pair of gloves and a hard hat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure,\u8221\'94 Katie replied, slipping on the gloves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll need some assistance buying food and refreshments for the volunteers at 11 AM,\u8221\'94 Sarah explained, holding her clipboard tightly. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a lot to carry for one person. Can you meet me then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Katie smiled, relieved to be of help. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, I\u8217\'92ll meet you back here at 11 AM. Or should I meet you somewhere else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here is fine,\u8221\'94 Sarah said before she changed her mind.  She pointed to a mobile on-site office nearby. \u8220\'93Actually, meet me in our mobile office. We\u8217\'92ll head out from there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The scene ended with them heading off in separate directions, a sense of anticipation and energy in the air. Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clipboard, filled with plans and schedules, was her shield and guide, ensuring the success of the day ahead. The volunteers were ready, the friendships were blooming, and a hard day\u8217\'92s work awaited them all.}}