{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>What follows next will be the end of this scene or a short scene following this one. What I'm trying to accomplish might be tricky, but I'll do my best to describe it and work from there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Just to let you know, Sarah was trained from a young age to be stoic. Her father perceived emotions as a liability in both life and business. He ingrained in Sarah the concept of never letting her emotions impact your her \endash  especially short-term emotions. Think things through rationally and make the best choices from the options available, even if the best one isn't the one she wanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Before Sarah met Evan, she couldn't remember the last time she cried, probably as a child.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As she sat knee-to-knee with Evan, experiencing this emotional and spiritual connection with Evan, a moment of silence made its way into the experience as they silently held hands for but a few moments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Using the deepest POV we can manage, we want to share with the reader what Sarah is feeling inside. Not just what she felt inside, but the fact that she's never felt it before, and as the feeling bubbles up inside her, she's trying to figure out what it is. What's happening to her is for the first time in her life, she is about to experience uncontrollable tears of joy. So we really need to be inside her mind as this feeling almost starts from her diaphragm and works her way up as if her body was filling up with water about to overflow through her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Now, what's tricky about the scene, is while starts out as a profound emotional experience, I  wanted it to evolve into a fun and cute experience. Let me give you some rough draft dialogue that you can use or not use as you see fit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 From Evan's perspective, out of nowhere, Sarah starts crying uncontrollably. He's not sure of the source of her tears or the energy of her tears. In other words, he doesn't note her happy tears of said tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan (worried): "Sarah, what's the matter why are you crying?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah, lets go of Evan's hands and flops her arms to either side, saying, "I don't know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 I want Sarah's gestures to be sort of cute and funny at the same time. In a way, it is adorable that a woman 21 years old doesn't know what it feels like to just have a moment where she just needs to cry without reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan, a little bit less worried but not sure, asks, "Are those happy tears or sad tears?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Again meaning to be kind of light funny and adorable, makes the exact same hand gestures again saying "I don't know." Maybe she raises her voice an octave or two \endash  whatever would work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 At this point, Evan's worry turns to a smile. While he doesn't fully understand what's going on inside Sarah, he can see that these are happy tears and that the events of the evening just impacted her in a way she was completely unprepared for, something she had never experienced before. Her usual stoic defenses were nowhere to be seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan not sure what to do, smiled, gave her a hug, and asked her if there was anything he could do for her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 For the final time, she basically repeated the helpless gesture in an adorable, lighthearted, heartwarming way, repeating, "I don't know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Ultimately, the single and with Evan lying down on his back. Sarah still crying with no end in sight. She lay on her side, her head on his chest as he wrapped his arm around her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Eventually, her tears faded as Sarah sunk into slumber, and together they fell asleep in that position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Feel free to use internal dialogue if that helps. Whatever is needed to write a compelling scene but also one in which the reader or be able to follow the complex emotions of this moment Sarah's experiencing.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}