{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>What follows next week to be the end of this scene, or a short scene following this one. What I'm trying to accomplish might be a little tricky, but I'll do my best to describe it and will work from there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Important to note, that Sarah was trained from a young age to be stoic. Her father perceived emotions as a liability in both life and business. He ingrained and Sarah the concept of never letting your emotions impact your decisions \endash  especially short-term emotions. Think things through rationally and make the best choices from the options available to you, even if the best one isn't the one you want.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Before Sarah met Evan, she couldn't remember the last time she cried. Probably as a child.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As she sat need to be with Evan experiencing this emotional and spiritual connection with Evan, a moment of silence made its way into the experience as they silently held hands for but a few moments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Using the deepest POV we can manage, we want to share with the reader what Sarah is feeling inside. Not just what you feeling inside, but the fact that she's never felt before and as the feeling bubbles up inside her, she's trying to figure out what it is. What's happening to her is for the first time in her life she is about experience uncontrollable tears of joy. So we really need to be inside her mind as this feeling almost starts from her diaphragm and worked her way up as if her body was filling up with water about to overflow through her eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Now what's tricky about the scene, is while starts out as a profound emotional experience, I  wanted to evolve into a fun and cute experience. Let me give you some rough draft dialogue that you can use or not use as you see fit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 From Evan's perspective, out of nowhere Sarah starts crying uncontrollably. He's not sure the source of her tears, or the energy of her tears. In other words, he doesn't note her happy tears of said tears.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan (worried): "Sarah, what's the matter why you crying?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah let's call ends Evan's hands and flaps her arms to either side saying "I don't know."}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 I want Sarah's gestures to be sort of cute and funny at the same time. In a way is sort of adorable that a woman of 21 years old doesn't know what it feels like to just have a moment where she just needs to cry without reason.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan a little bit less worried, but not sure asks "Are those happy tears are said tears?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Again meaning to be kind of light funny and adorable, makes the exact same hand gestures again saying "I don't know." Maybe she raises her voice an octave or two \endash  whatever would work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 At this point Evan's worried turns to a smile. While he doesn't fully understand what's going on inside Sarah he could see that these are happy tears, and that the events of the evening it just impacted her in a way she was completely unprepared for, and something she had never experienced before. Her usual stoic defenses were nowhere to be seen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan not sure what to do smiled and gave her a hug and asked her if there was anything he could do for her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 For the final time she basically repeated the helpless gesture in and adorable, lighthearted, heartwarming way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Ultimately, the single and with Evan lying down on his back. Sarah still crying with no end in sight. She laid on her side, her head on his chest. As he wrapped his arm around her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Eventually the tears faded as Sarah sunk into slumber, and together they fell asleep in that position.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}