{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Sarah closed her bedroom door with a soft click, the weight of her father's words still echoing in her mind. She returned to the living room where Katie sat, her eyes scanning a psychology textbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Hey," Katie looked up, sensing the tension that hung in the air. "How'd it go?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah sank into the couch next to her, fiddling with the promise ring on her finger. *It's pretty, isn't it?* "Not great," she said, meeting Katie's concerned gaze. "I might've stretched the truth a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "About?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's eyes darted away. "About how serious Evan and I are. About what this ring means."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie put her book down, offering her undivided attention. "That's serious, Sarah. Talk to me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A knot tightened in Sarah's chest, each word sticking like glue. *How do I say this without sounding like a complete mess?* "If you were any other girl in the world, I would know exactly what to say. But you're an enigma, Sarah. You're different than anyone I've ever known."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah looked at her friend, her confidante. "I know I love Evan, but I also know that I've spent my whole life with a very clear plan. I just... I don't know if those two trues can coexist."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie's eyes softened. "Yeah, that's a tough one. Sooner or later, you're going to have to talk to him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Talk to Evan. As if it's that simple.* Sarah felt her pulse quicken. "And say what? I can't even imagine mouthing the words that I want to break up with him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Do you want to break up with him?" Katie probed, gentle but persistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's voice wavered, and she caught herself before the dam broke. "I don't. But what really scares me is the decision I'll eventually have to make. It's obvious where Evan wants this to go, and I feel like all the pressure's on me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She swallowed hard. *There, I said it.* "I have to decide between the man I love now and the man who gave me life and who I've respected for the entirety of that life. My mind clearly states that I should follow the path I set for myself. It's who I am. It's clear and safe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie leaned in closer. "What about that scares you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah hesitated. Her hands felt clammy. *Come on, say it.* "What scares me is my heart doesn't agree at all. What scares me to death is that I may end up choosing to stay with Evan for no other reason than I can't live without him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The room fell silent. Sarah could hear the tick of the clock, each second punctuating her internal chaos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Katie reached for Sarah's hand, squeezing it reassuringly. "Sarah, you're going to have to find a way to reconcile your mind and your heart. Only then will you find clarity."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Clarity.* The word seemed foreign, like a land she'd never visit. She looked at the promise ring again, its gleam mocking her, as if challenging her to find meaning, to make a choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her heart drummed a discordant rhythm. *Is love enough to give up my dreams? Or are my dreams enough to give up love?* She felt further away from an answer than ever before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And the unknown--her unknown future--terrified her.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}