{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Evan popped his head inside the door, his eyes alight with the kind of excitement that could only mean one thing: surprises. "You ready for your surprise?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Sure," Sarah replied, her tone filled with a mix of curiosity and trepidation. Evan swung the door open wider, revealing the figures of her parents standing behind him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Wait, what? Mom and Dad?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Sarah felt her stomach drop, her eyes flitting between Evan and her parents. Before she could ask for an explanation, Guido's voice rang through the hall, calling for Evan with an urgency that left no room for delay. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "Ah, gotta go, Guido needs me," Evan said, blowing her a quick kiss before darting out and closing the door behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah turned to face her parents, confusion and disbelief knitting her brows together. "What are you doing here? I thought you flew back to Seattle."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her dad wore a stern expression that settled over his face like a cloud on a sunny day. "Evan came by our hotel. He asked us to stay for the party. Said there's a surprise for you, but we promised not to spoil it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her heart raced. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>A surprise? From Evan?<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  "You can't tell me what it is? Is it a good surprise?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "We are here, aren't we?" Her father remained stone-faced, unmoved by her probing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "You don't seem very happy about it," she noted, the uncertainty in her voice unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her father sighed, softening just a little. "The surprise is fine. It's about you finishing at the top of your class, and we're proud of that. What bothers me is that you haven't chosen a college yet. Evan seems to think you're not going anywhere."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah's pulse quickened. "What did he say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Mildred, her mother, interjected. "Sarah, it's not about what he said; it's just the way he\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her father cut her off. "Let's be straight with each other, Sarah. You haven't told him about your decision to go to the East Coast for college, have you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her inner voice whispered that there was more to it than that, but she kept that thought to herself. As the weight of her father's disapproving gaze bore down on her, she felt cornered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 "I plan to talk to him about it tomorrow," she offered, hoping to quell his skepticism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He wasn't satisfied. "Do I have your word on that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Raising her gaze to meet her father's, she enunciated her words carefully. "Yes, Father, you have my word."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As if on cue, the door swung open once again, revealing a beaming Evan. "Alright, folks, the party's about to kick off!" he exclaimed, excitement bubbling over. The tumultuous exchange with her parents was momentarily eclipsed by Evan's infectious energy, and Sarah found herself caught between her own inner turmoil and the vibrant celebration awaiting her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}