{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red186\green124\blue93;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 Evan guided Sarah to the seat on one side of the table that was next to his. His seat was to Sarah's right. There's a seat was at the end of the table to Sarah's left. The other end of the table to Evan's right was Joe's seat. Across from Sarah was an empty seat with a place setting for the Mistry guests who had yet to arrive. Next to that mystery guest was an empty seat with no place setting. Sarah quickly did the math and realized they were going to be five altogether.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 Now that the turkey was ready to be carved, everyone went into action. This trailhead clearly done this before. Sarah marveled as the three navigated flawlessly a small kitchen without even a near collision. There was lots of movement but absolutely no dialogue, everyone seemed to know their assigned task.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 Joe was the first to exit the activity loop. He had a large fork and a carving knife. While he was carving the turkey, Evan and Sarah brought all the sites the middle the table, filled everybody's sellable was salad, filled her glasses with wine, and before you knew it, Evan and Liz sat down at the table while Joe was carving the turkey and Liz was passing them out everyone.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 Evan waited for the go-ahead from Liz, and he grabbed the mashed potatoes start with an past the sides along to Sarah who passed them to Liz. While Joe was busy carving the turkey, Liz place the sites on his plate for him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\i1\cf4 When enough turkey was carved enough for everybody to have at least two servings, Joe put the turkey in the oven on low so when is late arriving guest arrived, they wouldn't have to microwave everything to heat it up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1\cf4
\par\plain \f2\fs18\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs18\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs18\i0}