{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Sarah's body quivered as she turned to open her hotel room door, the memory of Evan's words and their sensual kiss still lingering in her mind. Her hands shook as she fumbled with the key card, struggling to get it into the door of her luxury hotel room. He loves me. He truly loves me, she thought, a smile playing on her lips, every cell in her body vibrating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 When Sarah entered her en suite luxury bathroom, her breath caught at the sight before her. Marble countertops gleamed under the soft lighting, a spacious glass-encased shower adorned with gold fixtures stood against one wall, and at the center was a grand bathtub that looked as if it was carved from a single piece of stone. Elegant candles were strategically placed, adding to the room's opulence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Moving as if in a dream, she started running the bathwater, the sound of it filling the room soothing her heightened senses. She added ten drops of rose-scented essential oil to her bath water, watching as the water took on a soft pink hue. Everything seemed to be moving in slow motion, including Sarah herself, as she carefully stepped into the heavenly bathwater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As she settled into the warm embrace of the water, Sarah relived the entire evening in her mind. The dinner, the laughter, the intimacy of their conversation, all culminating in Evan's profession of love. Just the memory of him telling her he loved her sent an instant wave of energy throughout her body. Her heart swelled as she recalled their final sensual kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 As the bath ended, Sarah rose from the water, wrapping herself in a fluffy luxurious white robe provided by the hotel. She towel-dried her hair, her thoughts shifting to Evan's final words to her. His promise to wait, his desire to hear her say the words only when all her fears and doubts had vanished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 After Sarah finished blow-drying her hair, she looked at herself in the mirror, conviction settling in her heart. I love him. I truly love him. She knew she was ready to tell him, but the apprehension was still there. It was no longer about her feelings for Evan, but her fear that her lack of experience in bed would result in her being an inadequate lover.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Despite her fears, she smiled, dabbing a small amount of perfume on her finger and applying it behind her ears and along her neckline. With newfound determination, Sarah left the bathroom and headed straight for the hotel room phone, pressing the room service button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Send Nina, please," she requested, knowing the trusted staff member would understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 While she waited for room service, she wrote on a small notepad, her hand trembling slightly. She tore the note off the pad and placed it into an envelope. Sarah then went to her purse and grabbed an item, placing it in the envelope, along with the note, and then sealed it. With a loving smile, she wrote on the envelope, "Evan" with a heart next to his name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 A knock on the door got Sarah's attention. She grabbed the envelope and a $20 bill, rushing to the door. Nina's knowing smile greeted her, and Sarah handed her the envelope and the tip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "Please slip this under Evan's door," she instructed, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Nina, still smiling, confirmed she was on her way, leaving Sarah standing at the door, enveloped in euphoria, ready and eager for what the future held with Evan.}}