{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\fi-667\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Description:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Scene Name}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : 0100 Everything is on Track for Sarah}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Characters}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sarah}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 POV:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Third person limited, from Sarah's perspective }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Time of Day}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Morning}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Location}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Undergrad Library}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Tone}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : The tone for this scene should reflect Sarah's state of mind, which is relaxed and reflective. We want to give the readers a glimpse into her thoughts and emotions as she contemplates her past decisions. Additionally, please infuse the narrative with a subtle sense of anticipation and foreshadowing, hinting at the exciting events that will unfold later in the story.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Weather}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 : Sunny, comfortable temperature, perfect day}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Special Instructions}{\f2\fs26\b1\i0 :}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The Undergrad Library is underground. For this scene, Sarah will not know the weather conditions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Limit this scene to one paragraph.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 Sequence of Events}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 :}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 This particular scene should grab the attention of the reader right away. I see it being at most two paragraphs, maybe even one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 We want the reader to experience with Sarah how perfect her plan is going and how great she feels this morning that all her well-laid plans have gone off without a hitch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Here is my draft version.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Scene:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b0\i1 Life Is Good}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , she thought. Tucked away in her academic haven, the undergrad library, sipping her favorite couple coffee, listening to a compelling audio seminar, reflecting on how delightfully her carefully orchestrated college plan was playing out, college Senior Sarah Wilkins was blissfully unaware that within minutes, an unforeseen encounter that will alter the course of her day, her semester, and perhaps her life.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0}