{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The melodies of Christmas songs swirled through the air, wrapping the room in a festive ambiance. Liz relished this atmosphere\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the candles glowing softly, the scent of nutmeg and cinnamon mixing with that of the turkey roasting on the balcony. She had always been the hostess at heart, whether it was for large soirees or intimate family gatherings like this one. Rinsing vegetables at the sink, her heart swelled at the sight of the family photos placed around the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Just as she started to slice the carrots, a warm presence enveloped her from behind. Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms encircled her waist as he planted a soft kiss on the nape of her neck. \u8220\'93Did I ever tell you you\u8217\'92re the most beautiful woman in the world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She leaned back into his embrace. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have, plenty of times. But it\u8217\'92s a melody my heart never tires of.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I have a kiss?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz turned, her eyes narrowing playfully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will you tell me who our mystery guest is tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to wait like everyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you\u8217\'92ll have to wait for your kiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Smiling, she pecked him on the tip of his nose before spinning back to her culinary duties. As if unwilling to let the moment end, Joe reached out, tickling her sides until she laughed, turning back toward him. His eyes sparkled as they met hers, the same playful glint mirrored in both. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, one quick one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Her lips met his briefly, yet the connection was electric, lighting up the room more than any holiday decor could. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s the turkey coming along?\u8221\'94 Liz asked, suddenly recalling their individual cooking responsibilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze shifted toward the balcony. \u8220\'93Should be ready in about an hour. I thought Evan would\u8217\'92ve been here by now. Any news?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She fished her phone from her pocket, swiping through to show him a series of pictures. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evan and Sarah took a detour to Candy Cane Lane. Said they\u8217\'92ll be here in fifteen minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sarah had work to do, she gave Joe a choice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Either grab a knife and help me chop these vegetables, or go back to your turkey and basketball game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 He smirked and snatched a carrot from the chopping board on his way out, provoking a playful slap on his hand. As he walked away, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile. Somewhere between the roasting turkey and the carrot thefts, amidst the laughter and teasing, she felt a sense of completeness that only the holiday season brought. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz admired her double oven range. The culinary marvel represented a synthesis of her and Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s love for cooking. A birthday gift from Joe, it had a dual-oven design that added functionality as well as flair to their cozy apartment kitchen. As she opened the lower oven to check on the green bean casserole, her gaze fixed on the stove. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Green bean casserole - check. Rolls ready to bake 15 minutes before dinner - check. Potatoes on a light boil ready to be mashed - check. Salad ready to go - check. Apple pie cooling down - check.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 She opened the freezer.}{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1> Ice cream to go with the apple pie - check.}{\f0\fs26\i0  Satisfied, she allowed herself a moment to relax. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 Once Joe tells me the turkey is resting, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s go time. <!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Moving into the living room, she admired the comforting space. Framed photos adorned the walls, potted plants added a touch of green, and an oversized couch faced a large flat-screen TV. Joe was already there, engrossed in a basketball game. She nestled next to him on the sofa, her head finding its usual spot on his barrel-sized chest. A comfortable silence surrounded them, only broken by the sound of dribbling and cheering from the television.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you thinking about, hon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m thinking about what it might mean that this is the first girl that Evan has ever brought home for the holidays.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He brought Patti last year for Thanksgiving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True. But he didn\u8217\'92t bring her for Christmas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe she went home for the Christmas break?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. Don\u8217\'92t get me wrong, I loved Patti. I think she and Evan made a great match. But they didn\u8217\'92t have that spark. I think Evan needs to feel that spark inside like you and I have for each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe tightened his grip around her, a silent affirmation of their shared love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think he has that with Sarah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know he does. You should hear the way he talks about her. He was calling her \u8216\'91the one\u8217\'92 before he even knew her name. I suppose that causes me a little bit of worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t worry. I\u8217\'92m sure she\u8217\'92s going to be great. Even though Evan hasn\u8217\'92t been too serious before, all his girlfriends have been great!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz lifted her head from Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest and ambled over to the gallery wall. A tapestry of cherished memories met her gaze: family holidays, their first date, Evan\u8217\'92s college graduation. Each frame told a story, every smile held an unspoken promise. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a feeling we are going to be making a lot of new memories this Christmas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes met hers with a mysterious smile. It was an expression Liz had seen before but couldn\u8217\'92t decipher. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92re right. I wonder if Sarah will get her picture up on our family gallery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If she feels for Evan, like he told me he feels for her, then she\u8217\'92ll make it up on the wall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz sank back into the couch, her mind a whirlwind of emotions and expectations. }{\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah and Evan. Evan and Sarah.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  She let the names roll around in her thoughts, pondering what the next three days\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what the future\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 might hold for her brother and the mysterious woman he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d so passionately spoken of. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And so, in that warm apartment, with the fragrance of cooking and the cheer of Christmas around them, they both sat, thinking about what lay ahead. Each harbored a secret anticipation for the coming days, one more sure than the other, yet both hopeful that this Christmas would indeed be a time of joyous new beginnings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Hearing voices outside but no knock, Liz turned her gaze away from the family gallery wall and sauntered over to the front door of their cozy apartment. She pressed her ear against the door\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smooth surface, the scent of the fresh pine wreath hanging outside filling her senses. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re here,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought, her heart swelling with excitement and a sprinkle of curiosity. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A wave of her hand summoned Joe, who set aside the remote and got up from the couch. His basketball game was momentarily forgotten. He approached Liz, a curious smile forming on his lips, which were often the starting point of his full-faced grins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94 he whispered, looking every bit as excited as Liz felt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::1>Sarah just called ugly Christmas sweaters ridiculous,<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  she thought before whispering it to Joe, the words dancing in the air between them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes twinkled like the Christmas lights framing the living room window. He chuckled, his deep laughter vibrating in his chest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Liz leaned in closer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shall we give her a proper initiation into our family?\u8221\'94 Her eyes, usually calm and warm, held a glint of mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The broad smile on Joe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, one that reached up to touch his hazel eyes, communicated more than words ever could. He was all in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On the count of three,\u8221\'94 Liz whispered, the anticipation bubbling within her. \u8220\'93One... Two... Three.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 With a dramatic flourish, Liz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand twisted the doorknob, and she swung the door open so fast it was as if she\u8217\'92d let in a burst of winter air, potent and refreshing. The door\u8217\'92s movement seemed to echo her own heartbeat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 swift, expectant, and full of life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And so, the door flew open, its action a silent yet resonant exclamation point to the chapter that was about to unfold in their lives.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}