{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 Patti sat on the worn-out couch in Evan's living room, casually observing Guido as he paced back and forth between his room and the kitchen. His voice carried through the apartment, the notes of desperation barely hidden as he called every woman in his little black book, hoping for a night of fun. The mismatched furniture and the cluttered shelves filled with textbooks and memorabilia hinted at the lives of two college-aged bachelors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i1 How can two such different people be best friends?}{\f0\fs28\b0  Patti wondered, her eyes tracing Guido's erratic path. Evan was sincere and genuine, while Guido was... well, Guido. She'd asked Evan once, and he'd just smiled, brushing the question off with a comment about shared history. But as she watched Guido, the incomprehensibility of their friendship gnawed at her again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Ironically, Patti's thoughts mirrored the very dynamic of her own relationship with her roommate and best friend Roxanne, who was her opposite in nearly every way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Patti's thoughts were interrupted by a sudden exclamation from Evan's room. "Patti! Can you come here a minute?" he called out, his voice tinged with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Guido shot her a knowing grin as she rose from the couch, leaving him to his desperate dialing. "Good luck with that," he teased, his eyes twinkling with mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 "What's the matter?" Patti asked, stepping into Evan's bedroom, a room that held both fond and conflicted memories for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Evan's face was flushed, and his brows were furrowed in concentration as he wrestled with his tie. "I can't get this thing right, and I don't want to be late," he admitted, a hint of embarrassment in his eyes. His nervousness about the night ahead was palpable, yet to him, this moment with Patti was just another friendly interaction, not laden with the weight it held for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0 Her heart ached as she approached him, a forced smile on her face. "Here, let me help you." Her hands took over the task, expertly tying the knot as her mind wandered back to their blurred-line friendship and the complex emotions it now stirred within her.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan stared at his reflection in frustration. The tie simply refused to cooperate. His fingers fumbled as he tried to twist it into place again, but it kept coming out wrong. The evening with Sarah loomed large, a night filled with promise, and he couldn't even get dressed properly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A soft knock at the door brought a welcome distraction. "Come in!" he called out, still wrestling with the tie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti entered, her smile not quite reaching her eyes. Evan's struggle was evident, and she came forward, ready to help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "Need some help there?" she asked, her voice cheerful but a touch strained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan laughed, releasing the tie and stepping back. "I can't seem to get this right. I feel like a teenager on prom night."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti reached out, her fingers deftly taking over the task. You're not a teenager, and this isn't prom night. This is so much more, she thought, her heart aching with unspoken words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her hands worked on the tie, but her mind was elsewhere. In this very bedroom, they'd been intimate countless times, their "friends with benefits" relationship spanning several months. Now, she was helping him get ready for a date with another woman, in the very place where they'd shared so much together. The irony was almost too much to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan chatted happily, oblivious to Patti's inner turmoil. "Sarah's so excited about this event. I just hope I don't embarrass her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 "You won't," Patti assured him, her voice steady despite the storm inside her. Just keep smiling. Keep being the friend he needs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Her fingers finished the knot, and she stepped back, admiring her work. "There, perfect."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan beamed, his nervousness replaced by excitement. "Thanks, Patti! You're a lifesaver."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 He hugged her tightly, gratitude in his eyes. Patti returned the hug, her face buried in his shoulder. This is how it should be. This is how it has to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 They parted, and Evan's eyes sparkled with anticipation. "I think tonight's going to be special."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Patti smiled, her inner struggle hidden behind a mask of support. "I know it will be."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Evan left the room, Patti lingered, her hand tracing the spot where she'd tied his tie. The moment was over, but the feelings lingered. She sighed, knowing that she'd made the right choice, but it didn't make it any easier.}}