{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The clock on the wall read 7:45 a.m., and the tension of expectation hung thick in the\~air.\~Liz and Evan sat across from each other at the dining room table, each stealing glances at the hallway as if trying to will their respective partners into\~view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re probably going to win," Evan said, his fingers tapping against the wooden\~tabletop.\~"Sarah was a little late to rise this\~morning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I'm surprised Joe's not out here right now," Liz replied, taking a sip of her\~coffee.\~"He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been up since 6 a.m.,\~restless.\~Said he couldn't sleep. He's been acting strange all morning--really, all\~week."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan shrugged. "Probably because he was trying to keep it a secret about Mom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\~visit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "That's what I thought, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still acting weird, and there's no more secret," Liz said, her gaze lingering on the\~hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *I wouldn't worry about it,* Evan\~thought.\~"Sarah's not exactly herself this morning either," he said, just as footsteps echoed from the\~hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Both siblings perked up, and Sarah emerged\~first.\~Evan jumped up with a triumphant\~grin.\~"Ha, I\~win!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah shot him a bewildered look as she walked past him to the coffee\~pot.\~"What did I just walk\~into?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Seconds later, Joe appeared, eyes half-open but\~alert.\~He bypassed the gathering and headed straight for the coffee pot beside\~Sarah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "We've got a surprise for you," Liz announced, sharing a conspiratorial glance with\~Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe and Sarah, leaning back against the kitchen counter, looked at\~them.\~Their faces were interested, though not nearly as animated as Liz and Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s--they were still shaking off the cobwebs of\~sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan grabbed one curtain, Liz the\~other.\~A silent nod between them, and they whisked the curtains apart to reveal the large patio doors, behind which lay a blanket of fresh snow, eight inches\~deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz squealed in delight, her eyes sparkling like the snowflakes\~outside.\~Evan's mind raced through various snowman designs, each more elaborate than the\~last.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "See, I told you it was going to snow today," Joe said, finally waking up a bit\~more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "You did tell me that!" Liz lunged at Joe and planted a big, resounding kiss on his\~lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A knock on the door broke the\~moment.\~Evan and Liz turned, and as if sharing a brain, both exclaimed, "Mom's\~here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 And just like that, the last piece fell into\~place.\~The family was all gathered, and it was finally time for the gift-opening ritual to\~begin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 *So far, so good,* Sarah thought, letting out a breath she didn't know she'd been\~holding.\~*Last night's emotional hiccup was a one-time\~thing.\~I'm ready now. And I've got no more tears left to cry,\~anyway.*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 **Author's Style: Third Person Limited, Deep POV with Balanced Narrative and\~Dialogue**<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}