{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>It was 7:45 a.m., a quarter hour before the agreed-upon gift-opening time, and Liz and Evan sat at the dining room table, each sneaking glances down the hallway with a sense of anticipation. The air held a mix of excitement and impatience, like a pot ready to boil over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Evan broke the silence, his eyes still lingering on the hallway. "Liz, I'd like you to open the gift from Sarah and me last. If that's okay?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz chuckled. "I didn't know money was so tight, Evan. You didn't have to get me anything. But of course, I'll open it last if you'd like."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "The good news is the gift for you didn't cost a penny."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "Hmm, a priceless gift you say. Color me curious," Liz responded, now genuinely intrigued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Their attention shifted back to the subject at hand. "You're probably going to win," Evan finally said, thinking of Sarah's tardiness in mornings. "Sarah was a little late to rise today."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "I'm surprised Joe's not out here right now," Liz mused, worry tingeing her voice. "He's been up since 6 a.m., restless. He's been acting strange all morning--really, all week."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe had been jittery, his actions tinged with an uncharacteristic urgency. Evan weighed his sister's words for a moment before replying, "Probably because he was trying to keep it a secret about Mom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s visit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "That's what I thought too," Liz sighed, "but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still acting weird, even though the secret is out."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Before Evan could reply, the sound of footsteps echoed down the hall. Sarah was the first to appear. Evan jumped from his seat, pumping his fist. "Yes! Bragging rights for a year!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah raised an eyebrow, her face a picture of bewilderment, as she moved straight to the coffee pot. "Do I want to know what I just walked into?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Joe emerged just moments later, eyes fully alert but his hands visibly trembling--a telltale sign of nervous energy. He too made a beeline for the coffee pot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "We've got a surprise for you," Liz proclaimed, locking eyes with Evan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz and Evan each grabbed a curtain, casting a shared nod before yanking them open. Beyond the glass patio doors lay eight inches of pristine snow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Liz's face lit up, a radiant blend of childlike joy and adult wonder. Beside her, Evan's imagination kicked into overdrive, scheming up snowmen of various shapes and sizes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "See, I told you it was going to snow today," Joe said, his voice steadier now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 "You did tell me that!" Liz bounded over to Joe and planted a jubilant kiss on his lips. The jitteriness seemed to ebb away from him, if only for that moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 A knock echoed from the door, pulling everyone's attention. Liz and Evan looked at each other and in a synchronized voice declared, "Mom's here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 As the last family member arrived, the stage was set for the day's main event--the opening of the gifts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0 Sarah took a deep breath, steadying herself. *Whatever is in those wrapped boxes can't be more surprising than last night,* she thought. *I'm ready now. For whatever comes next.*<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}