{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red76\green76\blue76;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\sa120\sb120\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Location Profile: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Name of the place: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>Penthouse Suite at Champaign Hotel<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Country: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>USA<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 State: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>Illinois<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 City: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>Champaign<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Type of place: }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>Hotel suite<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 What role does this setting play in the story?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>The Penthouse Suite in the Champaign Hotel serves as the quiet sanctuary where Sarah and her parents retreat after the exuberance of the graduation party and Evan's surprise proposal. This private space, away from the noise and crowd of the party, provides the perfect backdrop for a family discussion about Sarah's future. As the night fades into the early hours of morning, emotions are unveiled, truths are spoken, and decisions are made. The gravity of the situation stands in stark contrast with the calm elegance of the suite, and what unfolds within these walls is a turning point in Sarah's life.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 Description:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::0>Sitting on the top floor of the Champaign Hotel, the Penthouse Suite provides a spectacular view of the city skyline. The sprawling suite opens up into a spacious living room. The floor-to-ceiling windows cover the entirety of one wall, allowing the shimmering city lights to flood the room and cast a soft glow over the polished wooden floor. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The tasteful decor features a neutral palette, with contrasting elements of dark wood furniture and plush, cream-colored upholstery. A large, comfortable sectional sofa occupies one corner of the room, paired with a glass coffee table and a couple of elegant armchairs, providing a comfortable setting for the family discussion.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 Off to one side, a small dining area is neatly set up, complete with a modern dining table and six chairs. Beyond the dining area, a well-equipped kitchenette is visible, complete with high-end appliances and marble countertops. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The bedroom, accessible via a short corridor, is a picture of cozy luxury. A king-size bed, covered with crisp white linens and fluffy pillows, invites rest and relaxation. Adjacent to the bed, a full-length window provides breathtaking views of the city's nightscape.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 The suite exudes an air of serene sophistication, amplified by the tastefully selected artwork that adorns the walls. The entire atmosphere of the suite speaks of privacy and comfort, serving as the ideal location for an important family discussion about Sarah's future after a surprising and eventful evening.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4}