{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red163\green101\blue209;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 After Nina had left to deliver the envelope to Evan, Sarah felt a wave of fear wash over her like a tide, leaving her stranded in an ocean of uncertainty. Her inexperience in true intimacy within a loving relationship left her feeling vulnerable and unsure.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0> If only I had planned this ahead of time, I would have purchased elegant lingerie for the moment. But none of what I have will suffice.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  She decided to undress completely and lie in bed beneath the covers, caution, and genuine anticipation marking this significant step in their relationship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded in her chest as she heard the key card unlocking the door, a sound that seemed to reverberate through the room. The door opened, and Evan entered, his eyes widening and his breath catching as he saw her. She was like a delicate flower, petals yet to unfurl, awaiting his gentle touch. The soft glow of the room\u8217\'92s lighting reflected in her eyes, filled with longing and trust. They shared a knowing smile, a promise without words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, presuming she was nude beneath the blanket, began to shed his own clothing, each piece falling away as if they were barriers keeping him from his destiny. The longing in his eyes was mirrored by his hastened breath as he finally slid under the blanket next to her. Sarah lay rigid and stiff, hands clutching the blanket, her body a frozen testament to her fear. Evan leaned in and kissed her gently, his lips whispering reassurances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kiss was a soft touch, but it did not free Sarah from her frozen state. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have experience making love. I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m going to be any good at it, at least not the first time,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she confessed, her voice trembling like a delicate leaf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan chuckled, the sound rich and warm.  He sought to ease her mind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Before we kissed for the first time, did you think you weren\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t going to be any good at kissing?\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  he asked, his question wrapping around her like a gentle embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah pondered his words, her body slowly unwinding. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t have time to think about it. The kiss happened naturally,\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she admitted, then continued with newfound resolve. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If I had thought about it, I would not have expected to be any good at kissing.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was a soft caress, a tender acknowledgment of her fears.}{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1> \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Let me tell you. That kiss and every kiss since has been amazing. However it goes tonight, it\u8217\'92s going to be incredible. Because, I love you, and that\u8217\'92s what matters.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah reveled in the artistry with which Evan effortlessly wove threads of positivity into the fabric of her thoughts, gently steering her from the shadows of uncertainty into the warm embrace of optimism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 His words reached into her soul, thawing the ice of her fears. Her body relaxed, and her eyes watered with emotion. }{\f2\fs22\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I love you too, Evan. I love you so much!\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  she declared, the words a symphony to his heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 No words were needed from Evan. His face, his smile, told her everything. Love had spoken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The final act of their union was one of gentle discovery and profound connection. Sarah released her tight grip on the covers, surrendering to the sensation of his touch. Their kisses were soft and sensual, a dance of love that awakened her body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire. Sarah\u8217\'92s body tingled from head to toe as Evan\u8217\'92s hands explored her body. She found her hands reciprocating, an instinctive response to his touch. The feel of his sculpted body ignited her passion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan slowly and gently rolled on top of her, his eyes a silent plea, seeking her consent. A gentle smile and a nod was all he needed. In that sacred moment, they became one, making soft, sensual love, cementing an emotional bond that neither of them had ever felt before.}}