{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the bustling arena of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn, two seniors whose paths never crossed, found themselves entangled in a saga that was far from ordinary. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan Vaughn was not just another handsome face on campus. He was the alluring, athletic gentleman whose popularity was magnified by his humility and kindness. A man molded by his saintly sister Liz, Evan didn't let his charm overshadow his true self. Yet, his intellectual potential was hidden beneath his love for the outdoors and a promise he made to Liz, to graduate with a respectable 3.0 GPA.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah Wilkins, unlike Evan, was the embodiment of academic brilliance. Destined to sit atop her class, she found solace in the sterile confines of the university library, consumed by her dedication to excel. As a business major, her promise to her father and herself was simple yet stringent: No romantic distractions until she ascended to the helm of her father's multimillion-dollar corporation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The monotony of their separate lives was disrupted when Evan, playing the reluctant hero, saved Sarah from a near-disastrous fall on campus. In a twist fit for a Patterson novel, their heated encounter ended in a passionate kiss, leaving Sarah to battle the inner turmoil of emotions she was unprepared for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the aftermath, Evan finds Sarah again, returns her misplaced glasses, and relentlessly attempts to break the shell of her self-imposed solitude. Succumbing to Evan's charm, Sarah eventually agrees to date him, but not without laying down a series of strict rules, a reflection of her business-like approach to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their relationship, though thriving on passion, was not devoid of complications. The unforeseen turn of events at their graduation party was a testament to this. Evan's surprise proposal in front of an unsuspecting audience, including Sarah's parents, rocked the very foundation of Sarah's meticulously planned future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 As Sarah grappled with the aftermath of the proposal, her father, a stoic yet fair man, presented her with an ultimatum: Follow her original plan and join him in Seattle after obtaining her Master's, or carve a new path with Evan in Chicago at the expense of her father's financial support.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>In classic James Patterson style, this tale crescendos with Sarah's monumental decision.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  Facing the crossroads between her longstanding plan and the life she never imagined, she defies the odds, choosing Evan and her heart, thus beginning a thrilling journey into an unknown future.}}