{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign is the stage for this deliciously fun, romantically tumultuous story that features our two seniors, Sarah Wilkins and Evan Vaughn. These two have never crossed paths before, and they seem to be complete opposites. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan, a naturally charismatic and outgoing, is the kind of guy everyone on campus gravitates toward. Not just because of his stunning looks or athletic prowess, but because he genuinely treats everyone with kindness and respect. You would think that he is a bookworm just like Sarah, given his desire to maintain a 3.0 GPA, a promise to his amazing sister Liz. But actually, he would rather spend his time exploring the outdoors rather than being cooped up indoors studying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah, however, is the university's top-notch student, destined to graduate with flying colors. She's not just book-smart; she's also teaching a Business-101 class to freshmen. But that's not all there is to Sarah. Underneath her academic exterior, there's a side of her that hasn't yet had a chance to shine - the side that craves romance and human connection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their paths cross in an intense, cinematic moment where Evan saves Sarah from a nasty fall. Sparks fly and a heated, unexpected kiss follows. And just like that, Sarah's world is turned upside down. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's been focused on her academics and career goals. She promised herself to avoid romance until after graduation, a pact she also made with her father. Yet, she can't help but be drawn to Evan. And when he finds her again to return her lost glasses, she can't resist his charm anymore. They agree to date, but not before Sarah outlines clear rules to ensure her academic goals aren't compromised. Evan agrees, not because he doesn't care, but because he's hopelessly in love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Their senior year unfolds into a beautifully chaotic ride. Evan becomes a better student, and Sarah learns to enjoy life beyond her books. But as graduation looms, so do life's big decisions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Unbeknownst to Sarah, Evan is planning a grand proposal at their graduation party. To make matters more complicated, Evan secretly invites Sarah's parents. Sarah, utterly surprised, says yes, despite knowing she would have to readjust her life plans. Her parents, not fully aware of the depth of their relationship, leave in shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's father later presents her with a choice: stick to their agreed-upon plan of joining him in Seattle after pursuing her Master's or follow her heart with Evan in Chicago. The catch is, if she chooses Evan, she will lose her father's financial support. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::0>In classic Abbie Jimenez fashion, this tale delivers a high-stakes, emotionally charged decision. <!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Sarah's logical side screams to stick to the plan, but her heart whispers to follow her love for Evan. And just like that, she chooses love. She chooses Evan. And with that, Sarah embarks on her path towards a life filled with love and adventure, a testament to the power of choosing happiness over the expected.}}