{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ComicSansMS-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green85\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Here are short description of some of the characters. Before each scene I will provide an update of the profiles for any new characters introduced.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs26\b1\i0 Characters:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Evan:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Protagonist and lead male love interest.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Evan Vaughn, a 21-year-old personal trainer from Glenview, Illinois, exudes charm with his Chris Pratt-like appearance, hazel eyes, and medium-brown hair. Standing tall at 6'2" with a lean, muscular build, he is loyal, polite, and seeks genuine connections in life..}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Sarah:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx389\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 \tab Role In Story: Protagonist and lead female love interest.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A sophisticated and ambitious businesswoman, torn between her lifelong goals and the love she shares with Evan. She exudes poise and intelligence, determined to follow her chosen path.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Guido: }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s best friend.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 An Italian-American personal trainer, embodying the bad-boy image with a heart of gold. Fiercely loyal to his friends, he brings comic relief and support to various characters in the story.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Liz: }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story:  Evan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s sister.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A compassionate and nurturing woman who serves as a mentor and mother figure to Evan. Mature beyond her years, she remains unshakable in her support for her loved ones.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Katie:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Sarah's student responsible for Sarah's pre-date makeover.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A bubbly and friendly college freshman with a caring and helpful nature. Known for her modern and casual style, she forges a bond with Sarah during a transformative pre-date makeover.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Nicole:}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Hairstylist assigned to Sarah's pre-date hair makeover.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A wise and insightful hairstylist, known for her creativity and empathetic approach to her clients. Her hair sessions extend beyond just styling, as she becomes a guiding force in helping Sarah rediscover her desire for romance.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Jack Wilkins:}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ri0\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Sarah's father who gives Sarah an ultimatum \endash  work for him or build a life with Evan.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0  A tall and slender man in his mid-60s with blue eyes and gray hair, embodies a no-nonsense demeanor instilled by his hardworking farmer father. He built a successful multimillion-dollar enterprise while preparing his brilliant daughter, Sarah, to be tough and ready for the world }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sb120\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 Mildred Wilkins: }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl264\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Role In Story: Sarah's mother and Jack's supportive wife..}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\fi360\sa120\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A woman in her mid-60s, exudes grace with her vibrant blue eyes and gray hair, resembling actor Meryl Streep. As a devoted wife and caring mother, she supported her husband Jack in building their successful company and found fulfillment in her role as a nurturing caregiver.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}